PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla convoy con move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move sev via convoy
edi move den via convoy
hol support nth move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mun move ber
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ser move tri
sil support tyr move mun
spa hold
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla support sev
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gre hold
hol move hel
kie support ber
lon move eng
mar move bur
mos support war move ukr
mun support sil move ber
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move bla
ser support rum
sev hold
sil move ber
smy hold
spa move gas
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support kie move mun
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur move pic
con move bul
den move swe
gas move bur
gre hold
hel move den
hol hold
ion move adr
kie move mun
lon move nth
mid move iri
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move ska
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rom support ven
rum move bla
ser support gre
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven support mun move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
sev move arm
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support ion move gre
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bud support tri
bul support rum
bur move mun
den move swe
eng convoy pic move lon
gal support sev move rum
gre hold
hel support ber move kie
hol move kie
ion move gre
iri move lvp
lon move wal
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
pic move lon
rom move ven
rum support arm move sev
ser support gre
sev move rum
ska move swe
tri hold
tyr move vie
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support ion move gre
bel support hol
bla support sev
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum
bur move mun
den move swe
eng support lon
gal move rum
gre hold
hel support kie move den
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move den
lon hold
lvp hold
mar move bur
mos support ukr
mun move ruh
nth move lon
rom move ven
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
sev hold
ska move den
tri hold
ukr support gal move rum
ven move pie
vie support tri
wal move lvp
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ska
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bla convoy con move rum
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con move rum via convoy
den support ruh move kie
eng support lon
gre support ser move bul
ion move tys
kie support bel move hol
lon hold
lvp support yor move edi
mar move gol
mos support ukr
mun support kie
nth move lon
par move pic
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support con move rum
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tys move wes
ukr support rum
ven move pie
vie move boh
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
bel move hol
bla move rum
boh move mun
bul hold
bur move mar
cly move nrg
con move bul
den support ruh move kie
edi hold
eng move nth
fin move stp/sc
gre support con move bul
kie move den
lon hold
gol hold
mid move spa/sc
mos support ukr move sev
mun move ber
nth move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support ukr move sev
sev support bla move rum
tri move ser
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven move pie
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber support kie move mun
bla support arm move sev
bul support gre move ser
bur support spa/sc move mar
den move kie
eng move mid
gre move ser
kie move mun
lon hold
lvp move yor
gol move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
nth support swe move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
spa/sc move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri move bud
tus move rom
tyr move mun
ven move rom
war move gal
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move boh
ser move alb
sev move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bla support sev
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bul support ser move rum
bur move mar
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel move ruh
ion move nap
kie support mun
lon hold
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa/sc
mos support rum move sev
mun support kie
nth move eng
nwy hold
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev hold
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri support alb move ser
tus move tys
tyr move mun
ukr support rum move sev
ven move rom
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move arm
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bud support sev move rum
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move nth
edi move yor
eng move bre
gre hold
hol support ber move kie
kie support mun move ber
lon hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move bre
mos move sev
mun move ber
nap move ion
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
ruh move bel
rum support bul move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc support bur move mar
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tys move tun
ukr support sev move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
eng move bre
gal support bud move vie
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move pic
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar support gol move spa
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
nap hold
nth support yor move lon
nwy hold
por support gol move spa
rum move bud
ser support gre
sev move mos
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp/nc hold
tri move bud
tun hold
ukr support mos move sev
vie support tri move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
France: army/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move wal
sev move arm
spa/sc move wes
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gre
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
remove stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bur move mar
den move kie
eng convoy wal move pic
gal support sev move rum
hol support den move kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie support mun
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun support kie
nap move rom
nwy move nrg
por move mid
rom move tys
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa/sc support por move mid
tri support boh move vie
tun move wes
ukr support sev move rum
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war support gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla move bul/ec
bre hold
bud move tri
den move kie
eng move bre
gal move vie
gas move par
gre hold
hol support den move kie
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvp support nrg move edi
gol support mar
mid support eng move bre
mar hold
mos move sev
mun hold
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg move edi
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser support tri move bud
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri move bud
tys move tun
ukr support mos move sev
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army con
remove lon
build Army mos
remove nth
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support mun
bla support ser move rum
bud support ser move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
gal support rum move bud
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lon hold
lvp move wal
gol support wes move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar support wes move spa
mos move sev
mun support ber
par move bre
pic move eng
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
tri move ser
tys support spa/sc move wes
ukr support sev move rum
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh support ruh move mun
bre hold
bud support vie
bul hold
edi move nth
eng support wal move lon
gal support ukr move rum
gre support bul
kie support ruh move mun
lon move nwy via convoy
gol support mar move pie
mid support spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc support pie move mar
tun hold
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie support bud
wal move lon
wes support gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
remove tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber hold
bla support arm move sev
bre move par
bud move gal
bul hold
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support sev move rum
gre move ion
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lon move bre
gol support wes move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nwy move swe
pic support lon move bre
pie support spa/sc move mar
rom move ven
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
tri move tyr
tun support gre move ion
ukr support mos move sev
vie support bud move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
gal move war
ion move nap
mar move bur
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ber support mun
bla support sev
bre support pic move par
bul hold
bur move mar
eng support bre
gal support rum
ion hold
gol support bur move mar
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth move den
par move gas
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move war
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
spa/sc support bur move mar
swe hold
tun hold
tyr move tri
tys support nap move ion
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie support gal
war support ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
France: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gas
remove mid
build Army mos
remove pru
remove ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ber support mun
bla support sev
bre move pic
bul hold
con support bul
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move ukr
ion support tun move tys
gol move pie
mar support por move spa
mos support war
mun support ber
nap support tys
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum support gal move ukr
ser support rum
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
swe move fin
tri support ser
tun move tys
tys support spa/sc move wes
ukr move gal
vie move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ber move sil
bla support sev
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
den move swe
gal move ukr
ion support tun move tys
gol support mar move pie
mid support spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move boh
nap move ion
pic move bel
pie hold
rum support vie move gal
ser support rum
sev support gal move ukr
spa/sc support gol
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tys support wes move tun
ukr move sev
vie move gal
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie move ven
tun disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move ruh
bla support bul move rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move bul
den move ska
gal support rum
ion move adr
gol move tus
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move rom
par move bur
pie support gol move tus
rum support mos move sev
ser support rum
sev support bul move rum
sil support boh
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp move fin
swe move den
tun move wes
tyr move tri
tys support tun move wes
ukr support mos move sev
ven support nap move rom
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move sev
bla support sev move rum
boh move vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
eng move nth
fin move swe
gal move vie
gre hold
gol support tus move tys
mid move wes
mos move war
pie move ven
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser support tri
sev move rum
sil support mos move war
ska support fin move swe
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri support gal move vie
tus move tys
tyr support pie move ven
tys support rom move tus
ukr support rum
ven support rom move tus
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet/dislodged tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
tus move pie
ven move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove con
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army stp
remove tus
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm hold
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bre move mid
bul move rum
den move kie
gal move vie
gre hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support sev
nth support swe move den
par move bur
pie move gol
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev move arm
sil move boh
ska support swe move den
spa/sc support wes
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri support gal move vie
tun support tys
tyr support boh move vie
tys support rom move tus
ukr move gal
ven support adr move tri
war move ukr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
boh support vie
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
den hold
gal support bud move vie
gre hold
gol support pie move tus
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nth hold
nwy hold
pie move tus
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support mos move ukr
ska hold
spa/sc move wes
tri hold
tun move naf
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys move wes
ukr support gal
ven move rom
vie support tyr move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gal
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support con move bul
boh support vie
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con move bul
den hold
gre support con move bul
kie hold
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie move tus
rom move tus
rum support con move bul
ser move rum
sev move rum
ska move nwy
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move lvn
tri hold
tun move wes
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
tys move nap
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh support vie
bud support ser
bul move ser
den hold
gal support sev move rum
gre move ion
kie hold
lvn move war
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy hold
pie move ven
rom support nap move tys
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud
sev move rum
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
tri support vie
tun support nap move tys
tus support gol move tys
tyr support tri
tys move tun
ukr support sev move rum
ven move rom
vie support tri
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army par
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bla support sev
boh support vie
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
ion move tys
kie hold
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap move apu
nth hold
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move tus
rom move nap
rum move ser
ser support bud
sev hold
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri support rum move ser
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tus move rom
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move rum
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bla move rum
boh support vie
bud support gal move rum
bul support gre move ser
bur move mun
gal move rum
gre move ser
ion move nap
kie hold
gol support pie move tus
mid move naf
mos move sev
nth hold
pie move tus
rom move nap
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
sev support bla move rum
stp move mos
tri support vie
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr support tri
tys support rom move nap
ukr support gal move rum
ven support tus move rom
vie support tri
wes support tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
