PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber hold
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
rom hold
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
arm move sev
ber move mun
bot move swe
bul move rum
eng convoy wal move pic
kie move den
mos move sev
nth move eng
rom move tun
ruh move bel
ser move gre
sev move bla
tri move alb
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move rum
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move bla
arm move sev
ber move mun
bla hold
bud support ukr move rum
bul move rum
con support ank move bla
den move nth
eng move mid
gre support alb move ser
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
sev support bla
swe move nwy
tys move gol
ukr move rum
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla move rum
bud move gal
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
den move hel
gre support ser move bul
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move bla
swe move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
arm support con move smy
ber move kie
bla move con
bul support gre move con
con move smy
gal move bud
gre move con
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move alb
lvp move iri
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move sev
nth move nwy
pic hold
ruh move bur
rum support mos move sev
sev move bla
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tun move alb
ven move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support ven move tri
arm move sev
bel support pic move bur
bla support arm move sev
bud support tri
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move smy
hel hold
ion move gre
iri move eng
kie move ber
gol move mar
mos move sev
mun move sil
nth hold
nwy hold
pic move par
por move mid
pru move lvn
rum move ser
sev move bla
smy move eas
swe move ska
tri hold
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move rum
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel support pic
ber move kie
bla move con
bud move tri
bur support pic
eas move aeg
eng move mid
gre support ser
hel move nth
ion move adr
lvn move stp
mos move sev
nap move ion
nwy hold
pic move par
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul/ec
sev move ukr
sil move ber
ska support hel move nth
smy move ank
spa move por
tri move adr
ven support alb move tri
vie support bud move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
ank support bul/ec move con
bel move lon
bud move tri
bul/ec move con
bur support bel move ruh
con move smy
eas support con move smy
gre support ser move alb
ion support alb move gre
kie move hel
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
nap move apu
nth support bel move lon
pic support bel move bur
ser move alb
sev move rum
stp move fin
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
alb support tri
ank move smy
apu support ion move adr
bel move yor
bur move par
con support ank move smy
fin move stp
gre hold
ion move adr
mid move wes
nap move ion
nth convoy bel move yor
nwy move nrg
pic support bur move par
rum move gal
sev move rum
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
tri hold
tyr move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
alb support tri
apu support nap move ion
bar convoy stp move cly
con move aeg
gal move bud
nap move ion
nth move eng
nrg convoy stp move cly
por move spa
rum hold
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
stp move cly
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support tri
wes move tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove spa
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
alb move ser
apu move ion
bar convoy stp move edi
ber move sil
bud move ser
cly support stp move edi
con move aeg
edi move nth
eng support pic move bre
gre move alb
hel move nth
ion move alb
lvp move yor
nrg convoy stp move edi
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rum move bud
stp move edi
tri support vie move tyr
tun move tys
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg convoy smy move bul
alb move ser
bar move nrg
bud move ser
con move smy
eng support yor move lon
gal support rum move bud
hel move nth
ion move alb
kie move ber
lon move wal
nrg move nat
par move bur
rum move bud
sil move boh
smy move bul
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move gol
vie support gal move bud
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
remove gol
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg support smy move eas
alb move tri
ber move pru
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur hold
cly move lvp
edi support cly move lvp
eng move mid
gal move vie
gre support bul move ser
ion support ven move alb
kie move den
mos move war
mun move sil
nat move mid
nap move tys
nrg support stp/nc move nwy
nwy move ska
rom move ven
smy move eas
tri support vie
tun move wes
ven move alb
vie hold
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
alb move ser
apu move ion
ber move pru
boh support tyr move vie
bud support vie
bur move mun
den move ska
eas support aeg move ion
edi move yor
eng support wes move mid
gre move alb
ion move alb
lvp move lon
mos move lvn
nat move iri
nth support den move ska
nrg move nth
ser move tri
sil support ber move pru
ska support nrg move nth
stp/nc move nwy
tri support alb move ser
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ven support tri
vie hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ion move tun
ser move bul
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
apu move nap
boh support tyr move vie
bud support vie
bul support gre move ser
den move bal
eas move ion
eng move iri
gre move ser
ion move gre
iri move eng
lvn move pru
lvp move lon
gol move tys
mid support eng move iri
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nth move edi
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pru move ber
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil move mun
ska support nrg move nth
tri support ser move bud
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven move alb
vie hold
war support lvn move pru
yor support lvp move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
iri move wal
vie disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr support alb
alb move ser
bal move swe
ber support mun move sil
boh support mun move sil
bud hold
bul support ser
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gal support rum move bud
gre move alb
iri move lvp
mid move nat
mun move sil
nap support tun move ion
nth support ska move den
nwy move swe
pru hold
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser hold
ska move den
tri support bud
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
vie support bud
wal support yor move lon
war support pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb
alb support ion move gre
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel move ruh
ber move lvn
boh move mun
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
den move bal
eas move aeg
gal move sil
gre move alb
ion move gre
iri move lvp
nat support iri move lvp
nap move ion
nth support wal move eng
nrg move bar
nwy move nrg
pru support gal move sil
rum support ukr move gal
ser hold
sil move ber
tri move ser
tys support nap move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support bud
wal move eng
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvp
Germany: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg support bul move gre
alb move ser
bal move swe
bar move nwy
ber hold
bud hold
bul move gre
den move swe
edi move bel
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support rum move bud
gre hold
ion support gre
lon move bre
lvn move mos
mun support ber
nat move iri
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pru move lvn
rum move bud
ser support bul move gre
sil move ber
stp/sc support pru move lvn
tri support alb move ser
tys move wes
ven move alb
vie support bud
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ser
bal move swe
bar move nwy
bel move bur
ber support mun move sil
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
den move kie
eng move mid
gal support rum move bud
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
iri support wes move mid
lvn move pru
lvp move nat
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move ber
tri move vie
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support lvn move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
sil move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ser
bar move nrg
ber support ruh move kie
boh support bur move mun
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move smy
eng move nth
gal support rum move bud
gas move par
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
iri move mid
mid move spa/nc
nat support bar move nrg
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
pru support war move sil
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move boh
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie
tyr move pie
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move rum
kie move hol
nrg move edi
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove nat
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ber support kie move mun
bla move bul/ec
boh support gal move vie
bot move swe
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
con support bla move bul/ec
edi move cly
gal move vie
gre support ion move aeg
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move mun
mid move eng
mun support hol move kie
nth move den
nrg hold
nwy support bot move swe
par move bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum support bla move bul/sc
ser support vie move bud
sev move bla
sil support pru move ber
spa/nc move mid
swe move den
tri support vie move bud
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
swe move bal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support eas move smy
bal move ber
ber support kie
bla support bul/ec
boh move tyr
bud support tyr move vie
bul/ec hold
cly move lvp
con support bul/ec
eas move smy
eng move bre
gal support rum move bud
gre move bul/sc
kie hold
mid support eng move bre
mar move bur
mun support boh move tyr
nth move edi
nrg move edi
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser support bud
sil move boh
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support rum move bud
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move par
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bel
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber move mun
bla support con
boh support tyr move vie
bre support mid move eng
bud support vie
bul/ec support con
bur move pic
con hold
gal support tyr move vie
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move edi
nrg move nat
nwy move bar
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser support gre move bul/sc
sev move arm
smy support aeg move con
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move vie
ven move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move smy
bar move nrg
bla convoy sev move bul
boh support tyr
bre hold
bud hold
bul/sc support aeg move con
con support sev move bul
edi move cly
eng support pic move bel
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move aeg
mun support tyr
nat move lvp
nwy move nth
par move gas
pic move bel
pie support ven move tyr
rum support sev move bul
ser move rum
sev move bul
smy support aeg move con
tri support bud
tyr hold
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove nat
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
arm move smy
bel move hol
bla convoy sev move bul
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud support tri
bul/sc support smy move con
cly move lvp
con support sev move bul
eng move lon
gal move bud
gas move mar
hol move bel
ion move eas
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum support sev move bul
ser move rum
sev move bul
smy move con
tri support bud
tyr support vie move tri
ven move pie
vie move tri
wal support nth move eng
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
tri move alb
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb support ven move tri
ank hold
bel move hol
bla support sev move rum
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc support con
con hold
eas move smy
eng move lon
gal support rum move bud
gas move mar
hol move bel
lvp move iri
mid move spa/nc
nat support lvp move iri
pie move mar
rom support tus move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bud
ser support ven move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
tri hold
tus move ven
tyr support tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
wal support eng move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army/dislodged bel
Russia: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Italy: fleet/dislodged lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
lon move nth
smy move arm
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
