PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla move rum
bot move swe
bul support bla move rum
den move swe
edi hold
eng move nth
mid move por
nth move nwy
pic move bel
pru support sil move war
rom move tun via convoy
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
sil move war
tri move adr
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr support sev
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move swe
edi hold
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move kie
nth move ska
nwy move stp/nc
par move gas
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
rom move tys
ser move gre
spa move mar
tri move ser
tys move gol
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
edi hold
gas hold
gre move bul
kie move hol
lvn support pru move war
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos hold
nth move lon
pru move war
ser support gre move bul
sev support bul move rum
ska move nth
stp/nc hold
swe hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move sil
bla convoy sev move bul
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con support bla move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support bul
hol hold
kie move den
lon move wal
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
por move spa/sc
rum support sev move bul
ser support bul
sev move bul via convoy
spa move naf via convoy
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move ven
vie move tyr
war move gal
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bar move nrg
bla support con move bul
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con move bul
den hold
gal support sil move boh
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol hold
iri move mid
gol move tys
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie move tus
rum support con move bul
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
swe hold
ukr support mos
vie support bud
wal move iri
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla support sev
boh move vie
bud move gal
bul move ser
den hold
eng move mid
gal support boh move vie
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
iri hold
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support ukr
naf move tun
nrg move nat
par move gas
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support gal
ven support tri move tyr
vie support bud move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move mun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bla move con
boh move vie
bud move gal
bul support rum move ser
den hold
gal support boh move vie
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
iri hold
lvn move stp
mid hold
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nat hold
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move eas
swe hold
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr support ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr support gal
vie move boh
wes hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gre
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh move gal
bud move gal
bul support aeg move gre
con move bla
eas support smy move aeg
gal move ukr
ion move adr
iri move mid
gol hold
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support ukr move sev
mun move boh
nat move cly
pie hold
ruh move mun
smy move aeg
stp hold
tri move vie
tun hold
tus support tys move rom
tyr support vie move boh
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven support tys move rom
vie move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg support eas move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul move rum
cly move edi
eas move ion
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun hold
pie move ven
rom support tys move nap
ruh support mun
ser support bul move rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil support mun
swe hold
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ukr move rum
vie move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support ion
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bud support tri move ser
den move kie
gal move rum
gre support ion
ion hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move boh
nap move apu
par hold
pie move tyr
rom support gol move tys
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move war
swe move bal
tri move ser
tun hold
tus move ven
tys move nap
ukr support sev
ven move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ion
aeg support ion
apu move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul hold
edi hold
gal move ukr
gre support ion
ion hold
kie move mun
lon hold
mos support sev
mun move boh
nap support apu move ion
rum support arm move sev
ser move tri
sev hold
sil hold
stp hold
tri hold
tyr support boh move vie
tys support apu move ion
ukr support sev
ven support tri
war move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
