PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move pie
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move ukr
kie move den
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move por
nth hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
pie support tus move ven
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser move gre
tus move ven
tys move ion
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move swe
bel hold
ber move mun
bot move lvn
bre move mid
bul move gre
con move bul
den support bal move swe
gal move vie
hol hold
ion move alb
lon move nth
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rum support mos move sev
ser move bud
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move adr
ukr move sev
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bar support stp
bel support bur
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur support bel
con move aeg
den move swe
gre support bul move ser
hol hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mid hold
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
nth hold
nrg move nwy
sev move ukr
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe move nwy
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move war
ven support alb move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army kie
remove lvn
build Army rom
remove rum
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move nwy
bel support bur
ber move pru
bur support bel
con move bul
den move kie
edi hold
gal hold
gre move alb
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move mun
mos hold
mun move sil
nth move eng
nrg move nth
rom move nap
ser hold
smy move eas
stp hold
swe move bal
tri move adr
tyr move ven
tys support wes move tun
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bal hold
bel hold
bul hold
bur support bel
eas move ion
edi move bel via convoy
eng move bre
gal move bud
hol support edi move bel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
mid move bre
mos hold
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
rum support gal move bud
ser support alb move tri
sil move war
stp hold
tys move wes
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal move den
bel hold
ber move mun
bud support rum move gal
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move bre
hol support bel
ion move tys
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos support sev move ukr
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth support bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
stp hold
tri move ven
ven move tus
vie hold
war support pru move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
boh move gal
bud move vie
bul support ser
bur support pic move bel
den hold
eng move bre
gal support ukr move war
hol support bel
ion move tun
iri move mid
lvn move mos
mid move bre
mos move lvn
mun support ruh move bur
nth support bel
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rom move tus
ruh move bur
ser support tri
spa/sc move mid
stp support lvn move mos
tri support ser
tus move pie
tys support ion move tun
ukr move war
ven support tus move pie
vie support boh move gal
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
mos disband
pie move mar
tun move wes
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Army smy
remove spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
boh move tyr
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
eng support bel move pic
gal move rum
hol hold
ion move tys
iri move mid
lvp move nat
mid move bre
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth support bel
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie support bur move mar
ser move tri
smy move con
stp support mos
swe hold
tri move ven
tun support tys move wes
tus hold
tys move wes
ukr hold
ven move rom
vie support boh move tyr
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre support par move pic
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
eng support pic move bre
hol hold
gol move mar
mid move por
mar support mun move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth support swe move den
par move pic
pic move bre
pie support mar
rom move nap
rum hold
ser move tri
sev move arm
spa support gol move mar
stp hold
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus hold
tyr support vie move tri
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move rom
vie move tri
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
den move bal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army mun
remove pie
remove rum
build Army smy
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move syr
bal move lvn
ber move sil
bre move par
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur support bre move par
con move ank
den hold
edi move nrg
eng support mid
hol move kie
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move wal
gol convoy nap move pie
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
mun move tyr
nap move pie via convoy
nth convoy lon move bel
pic move par
por move spa/sc
rom support ven
ser move alb
sev move arm
smy support con move ank
stp move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tyr move pie
tys convoy nap move pie
ukr move rum
ven support nap move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank support smy
arm support syr move smy
bel move pic
bul support alb move ser
bur support mar
den hold
eng convoy wal move bre
kie hold
lvn move stp/sc
gol move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun move boh
nth hold
nrg move nat
nwy hold
par support bel move pic
pic move bre
pie support gol move mar
rom support ven
rum move sev
ser support tri
sil move gal
smy support ank
spa/sc hold
syr move smy
tri hold
tyr support tri
tys move gol
ven move tri
wal move bre via convoy
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy
arm move smy
boh move vie
bul move gre
bur move mun
den hold
eng convoy wal move bre
gal support sev move rum
gre move ser
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
gol move mar
mid move naf
mar move pie
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy hold
par move gas
pic move par
pie support ven move tyr
rom move ven
ser support bul move gre
sev move rum
smy support ank
spa/sc hold
stp/sc hold
syr support arm move smy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
wal move bre via convoy
wes support gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Russia: army/dislodged gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank support smy
arm support syr move smy
bel hold
bre move par
den hold
eng hold
gal support vie move bud
gas move mar
gre support ser
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar move bur
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth hold
nwy hold
par move gas
pie support tus move ven
rom support tus move ven
rum move bul
ser move tri
smy support ank
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp/sc hold
syr move smy
tri support alb move ser
tus move ven
ven move pie
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move rum
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy
apu move ven
arm support syr move smy
bel move pic
bud support gal move rum
bul move gre
bur hold
den hold
eng move mid
gal move rum
gas support mar
gre support rum move bul
kie hold
lon move eng
gol move mar
mid move wes
mar hold
naf support mid move wes
nth hold
nwy hold
par support gas
pie support ven
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev move bla
smy support ank
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/sc hold
syr move smy
tri support apu move ven
tyr support apu move ven
ven support pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy
arm support syr move smy
bla move ank
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move ruh
con support bla move ank
den hold
eng hold
gas move mar
gre support bul
kie move hol
gol move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
naf support wes move tun
nap move apu
nth hold
nwy move swe
par hold
pic move bel
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move gre
smy support ank
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/sc hold
syr move smy
tri support bud move ser
tun move naf
tyr support ven
ven support mar move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
tun move ion
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove ank
build Fleet ber
build Army kie
build Army lon
remove gol
build Army mun
remove pie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel support par move bur
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
bul support gre
con move bul
den hold
eng support bel
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol hold
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nth convoy lon move nwy
par move bur
rom support apu move ven
ruh hold
rum support ser
ser support tri move alb
smy move ank
spa/sc move gol
stp/sc hold
swe hold
tri move alb
tun support wes move tys
tyr move tri
ven support mar move pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Germany: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Germany: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bul support gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move kie
eng support bel
gre support bul
hol hold
ion move nap
kie move mun
gol move tys
mar support pie
nth support bel move hol
nwy hold
pie support ven
pru hold
rom support ven
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
stp/sc hold
swe move fin
tri support tus move ven
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys move nap
ven support rom
wes support tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove con
build Army lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
ber move bal
bla hold
bul support gre
bur support lon move bel
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
fin move stp
gre support bul
hol support den move kie
ion move nap
kie move hol
lon move bel via convoy
gol support pie move tus
mar support bur
mun move bur
nth move hel
nwy support fin move stp
pie move tus
pru support ber move bal
rom support ven
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move mos
stp/sc move bot
tri support tyr
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys support tun move ion
ven support rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy ber move swe
bel move ruh
ber move swe via convoy
bot support ber move swe
bur move mun
con support ser move bul
eng move nth
gre support ser move bul
hel support kie
hol support bel move ruh
ion support tys move nap
kie hold
gol support pie
mar support pie
mos support pru move lvn
mun support ruh
nap move tys
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rom support ven
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
stp hold
tri support tus move ven
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys move nap
ven support rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nap disband
ven disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber support mun
bot support swe move fin
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move smy
edi move den via convoy
gre move alb
hel support nth move den
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap support tys move rom
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
stp move fin
swe move fin
tri move ven
tyr support mun
tys move rom
ven move apu
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
apu move rom
bal move swe
ber move mun
bot support bal move swe
bul move con
den support nwy move swe
eng hold
fin move nwy
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvn move bal
gol move tys
mun support kie move ber
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rom hold
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil support ber move mun
smy move con
stp support fin move nwy
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ven support apu move rom
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu move rom
bal support sil move ber
ber hold
bot move swe
bul move con
den support kie
edi move nrg
eng convoy lon move bel
gre move bul
hel move nth
kie support ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move bot
lvp move edi
mun support ber
nap support rom
nth move ska
nwy support bot move swe
pie move ven
pru support sil move ber
rom hold
ruh support mun
sil move ber
smy move con
stp support nwy
tri support ven
tus support pie move ven
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven support apu move rom
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move rom
bal move den
bel move hol
ber move kie
bot move swe
bul support gre
den support kie
edi move nwy via convoy
eng hold
gre hold
ion support nap move apu
kie support den
mun move ber
nap move apu
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
pru move sil
rom hold
ruh support kie
ska support edi move nwy
smy hold
stp support nwy
swe support bal move den
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ven support apu move rom
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
