PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy
eng move bel
hol support eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move eng
ber move mun
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul support gre move ser
con move bla
den move kie
edi move yor
gre move ser
hol move nth
kie move hol
lvp move nat
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nrg move nth
par move bur
por move mid
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
smy move con
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support mun move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
tri move adr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move adr
bla hold
bud support vie move tri
bul move gre
bur hold
con move bul
eng move nth
hol hold
ion support apu move adr
kie move ruh
mid move wes
mar support bur
mun support ruh move bur
nat move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pic move bre
pie support adr move ven
ruh move bur
rum support alb move ser
ser support rum move bud
sev move bla
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tri hold
ukr support rum
ven support tri
vie move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move tyr
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move arm
bar move nwy
bla support bul move rum
bre move par
bud support alb move ser
bul move rum
bur hold
con move bul
den move kie
edi move bel
fin support nwy
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mar support bur
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nat
nwy hold
pie support ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp/nc support nwy
swe move ska
tri support ven
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
ukr support rum
ven hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
arm move sev
bar move nwy
bel move eng
bla support bul move rum
bud support ser
bul move rum
bur hold
con move gre via convoy
edi move yor
fin support ska move nwy
gre move alb
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ruh
mar support bur
mun support kie move ruh
nat move nrg
nth move bel
nwy move swe
par move pic
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser hold
sev move bla
ska move nwy
stp/nc support ska move nwy
tri support ven
tun move wes
tus move rom
tys move nap
ukr support sev
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Army par
remove rom
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
bar support nrg move nwy
bel support ruh move bur
bla support bul
bre support pic
bud support ser
bul support alb move ser
bur move mar
eng move pic
fin move nwy
gre support alb move ser
kie move den
mar move spa
mun support ruh move bur
nap move rom
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move bar
par support bur
pic hold
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser support tri move alb
sev move arm
stp/nc support nwy move bar
swe support fin move nwy
tri move alb
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bar move nrg
bel move pic
bla support bul
bre support pic
bud support ser
bul support gre
bur move mar
den move nth
eng move lon
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol support bel
ion move tun
mid move bre
mun move bur
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pic hold
pie support bur move mar
rom hold
rum support ser move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
spa hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tyr move ven
ven move adr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
remove mid
build Army mos
remove pie
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ank move bla
bar move nrg
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bre support pic
bud support ser
bul move rum
den support kie move hel
eng move iri
fin support nwy
gas move mar
gre move ser
hol support bel
kie move hel
lon move wal
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support mar move bur
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support bar move nrg
par move bur
pic hold
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
smy move con
spa support gas move mar
swe support nwy
tun move wes
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nrg move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move smy
bel hold
bla move ank
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move con
bur hold
con move smy
den support hel move nth
edi hold
fin support nwy
gre support ser
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move nap
iri move wal
mar hold
mun support bur
nth support bre move eng
nrg move edi
nwy support hel move nth
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
spa hold
swe support nwy
tys move tun
wal move lvp
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bul
remove hol
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move smy
bla move ank
bre move mid
bud support ser
con move smy
den move ska
edi move yor
eng support bre move mid
fin move stp
gre move bul
lvp move wal
mid move spa/sc
mar support par move bur
nap move ion
nth support nwy move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rum hold
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
ska move nth
spa hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move pie
vie move gal
wal move eng
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bel hold
bla move con
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul hold
bur hold
con move smy
den move nth
eng move lon
gal move war
ion move tun
lvp move wal
mid move spa/sc
mar support bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
pic support bur
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support bul
sev support rum
ska move nwy
spa hold
stp move mos
swe hold
tys move tun
ven move rom
wal move lon
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove smy
remove swe
build Army tri
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
arm move smy
bel move pic
bla move con
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur hold
den move nth
eng support pic move bel
ion move tun
lon move wal
lvp move cly
mid move nat
mar support bur
mos move war
mun support ruh move bur
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy support den move nth
pic move bel
pie support tri move tyr
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move arm
spa hold
tri move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
arm move smy
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bul move con
con move aeg
edi hold
hol support nth move bel
mos move war
mun move bur
nat support wal move lvp
nth move bel
nrg support edi
nwy support nth
pie move mar
ruh support nth move bel
rum move sev
sev move rum
smy move con
tyr move mun
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
mun move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove nat
remove spa
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel hold
ber support sil move mun
boh move sil
bud support rum
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
edi support nwy move nth
eng move lon
gal move ukr
hol support bel
lon move wal
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support stp move lvn
mun move kie
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support ber move mun
rum hold
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move arm
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tun move wes
tus move pie
vie move gal
war support boh move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
bud support rum
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
edi move yor
eng move lon
gal support war
hol move kie
kie support tyr move mun
lon move wal
lvn move war
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support lvn move war
mun hold
nth support eng move lon
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support hol move kie
rum hold
ser support bul
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Austria: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
kie move den
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove iri
build Army par
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel support bur move ruh
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
gal support war
hol support yor move nth
kie support ruh
lon move eng
lvn move war
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support lvn move war
mun move boh
nat hold
nth hold
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh hold
rum hold
ser support bul
sev hold
sil support tyr move mun
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support ukr move mos
yor move nth
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel support bur move ruh
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi hold
eng move lon
gal move war
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun hold
nat move lvp
nth move nwy
par support bur
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support bul
sev support mos move ukr
sil support gal move war
spa/sc support mid move wes
swe move nwy
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support war move mos
vie move boh
war move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Austria: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove par
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move rum via convoy
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bla convoy arm move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bud support rum
bul hold
con move bul
den move swe
gal support war
hol support mun move kie
lon hold
lvn move war
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mos support ukr
mun move kie
nth support bel
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser support bul
sev support arm move rum
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support mar
swe move fin
tyr move mun
ukr support arm move rum
vie move tyr
war support rum move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber hold
bla support con move bul
boh support tyr move mun
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
fin move stp
gal support war
hol move bel
iri move nat
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mar hold
mos support ukr
mun move ber
nth move nwy
pic move bel
pie support gol move mar
ruh support pic move bel
rum move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc move gol
swe support nth move nwy
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army/dislodged mar
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul disband
mar move gas
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support par move bur
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ser
bur move bel
edi move nrg
fin support nwy move stp
gal support rum
gas move spa
hol support bur move bel
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn support mos move war
gol move tys
mar move spa/sc
mos move war
mun move ber
nat move mid
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh support par move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun move ber
stp hold
swe move fin
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move pru
rum disband
war disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bla support ukr move rum
boh move mun
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
eng support pic move bel
fin move stp
gal move rum
gas move spa
hol support bel
ion move nap
kie hold
lvn support war
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
mun move kie
nrg support stp move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser support gal move rum
sil support boh move mun
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tys move rom
ukr move rum
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nth
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
remove pru
build Fleet sev
remove stp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move wal via convoy
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
eng convoy bel move wal
fin move swe
gal support sil move war
gas move spa
gre move aeg
hol move nth
kie move ber
lvn support war
mar move spa/sc
mos support nwy move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move war
war support lvn
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
ser move gre
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move bur
bla move con
bud support ser
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
eng move bel
gal support sil move war
gas support bur move mar
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
lvn support war
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move edi
nwy move nth
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum support con move bul
ser support bud
sil move war
ska move nth
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tus move pie
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Austria: fleet/dislodged mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove edi
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
eng move bel
fin move swe
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion move adr
lvn support war
lvp move edi
mid move wes
mar move pie
nwy support fin move swe
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rum move gal
ser support bul/sc move gre
sev move ukr
ska support swe move den
stp support nwy
swe move den
tus support mar move pie
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Austria: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
Russia: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Austria: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Russia: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
bel move hol
bud support gal move vie
con move smy
den move kie
edi hold
gal move vie
gre hold
lvn move pru
mid move por
mar move spa
mun hold
nwy support swe
pic move bur
pie move ven
ser hold
ska move nwy
spa/sc move mid
stp move fin
swe hold
tus move tys
ukr move gal
war support lvn move pru
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army sev
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
bel move hol
bre hold
bud move tri
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
edi move yor
fin move swe
gal move boh
gre move ion
hol move kie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun support bur move ruh
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move mid
pru support war move sil
ser support bud move tri
sev move arm
spa hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre
arm move smy
bel move hol
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move tri
bur support mun
den move kie
fin move swe
gre move ion
hol support den move kie
ion move eas
mid move nat
mun hold
naf move tun
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support bel move hol
ser support bud move tri
sil support pru move ber
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tys move tun
ven support pie move tyr
vie support bud move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
