PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
eng support bur move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mar move spa
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move gre
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
ven hold
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support par move bur
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
eng support bel
gal move rum
hol move bel
lvp move iri
mun move bur
nth support nwy
par move bur
rom move ven
ruh support mun move bur
rum move sev
ser support rum move bul
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tun move wes
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support rum move sev
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support ser move gre
bel move bur
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bul support con move gre
bur support ruh move bel
con move gre
den move nth
eng move bel
gal support rum move bud
hol support ruh move bel
iri support nth move eng
mid move por
nth move eng
par support bel move bur
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
eng move bre
mun move ber
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
remove iri
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb hold
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support ser move rum
bre support por move mid
bud move vie
bul support ser move rum
bur support par move pic
con move gre via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move boh
hol move kie
lon move pic via convoy
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg move edi
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
pie move tyr
por move mid
ruh support ber move mun
rum hold
ser move rum
sev support rum
spa hold
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move boh
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support ion move gre
bla hold
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move bel
den move bal
edi move nrg
eng move bre
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
ion move gre
kie support mun
mid support bre move eng
nwy move swe
pic support bur move bel
pie move ven
ruh support bel
rum move bud
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
stp/nc move bar
tri move vie
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move rum
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel support ruh move bur
ber support mun
bla hold
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng convoy spa move bel
gal move boh
gre move alb
iri move eng
kie move hol
lon hold
mid convoy spa move bel
mos move war
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nrg move nwy
pic support spa move bel
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support bul/sc move gre
sev hold
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa move bel
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bur move mar
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tyr move tri
bar move nrg
bel move bur
ber support mun
bla hold
boh move tyr
bud support sev move rum
bul move gre
bur move par
eng move bel
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move eas
iri move eng
mid move gas
mar support bel move bur
mos move ukr
mun support ber
nrg move nth
nwy support bar move nrg
pic move par
ruh support hol move bel
ser support gre move alb
sev move rum
sil move boh
swe hold
tri support boh move tyr
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support boh move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Italy: fleet/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
bel support ruh move bur
ber support mun
bla hold
boh move mun
bud support vie move tri
bur support boh move mun
con move smy
eas move ion
eng support nth
gas move mid
gre move ser
ion move tun
iri move nat
kie move hol
lon move edi via convoy
mar support bur
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move edi
nrg move cly
nwy move nth
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser move alb
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
bel support ruh move bur
ber support mun
bla hold
boh move tyr
bud move ser
bur hold
cly move lvp
edi move cly
eng move nth
gal move vie
hol support bel
ion move tun
mid move wes
mar support bur
mun support ruh move bur
nat move cly
nth move edi
nwy move bar
pic support bur
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support bud move ser
ser move alb
sev move arm
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support ion move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove edi
build Army mos
remove naf
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm support sev move bla
bar move nrg
bel support ruh move bur
ber move kie
bla move ank
bur support eng move bel
eng move bel
hol support bel
lvp move cly
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nat move nrg
nth move hol
nwy support bar move nrg
pic support eng move bel
rom support apu move ven
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
stp/nc move bar
tri hold
tun move ion
tys move nap
ven hold
vie support tri
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Russia: army/dislodged ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move bul/sc
ank hold
arm support sev move ank
bar move nrg
bla convoy sev move ank
bul hold
bur support bel
cly move lvp
den move nth
gal move rum
gre support aeg move bul
hol move bel
ion move alb
kie move hol
gol move wes
mar support bur
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy support bar move nrg
pic support bel
rom support ven
ruh support hol move bel
ser support bul
sev move ank
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven support adr move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
tri move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support tri
ank support bul move con
arm move sev
bar move nrg
bel support bre move eng
bla support bul move con
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move con
bur support bel
con move bul/ec
den move nth
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
ion support gre
kie move hol
lvp support nrg move cly
mar support bur
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nth hold
nrg move cly
nwy support bar move nrg
pic support bel
rom support ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
tri hold
tyr support bud move tri
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support tri
ank move smy
bel hold
bla support bul
bud move tri
bur support bel
cly move edi
con support aeg move bul
den move swe
eng move wal
gre support aeg move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion support gre
kie move mun
lvp move nat
mid move iri
mar support bur
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nth move edi
nrg support cly move edi
nwy move nth
pic support bel
rom support ven
ruh move bel
rum support bul
ser move alb
sev move arm
tri hold
tyr move ven
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove gre
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
arm move ank
ber move bal
bla support bul move con
bul move con
bur support ruh move mun
cly support lvp move nat
con move smy
hol move bel
ion support aeg move gre
iri support wal move lvp
kie move den
lvp move nat
mar move pie
mun move ber
nat move cly
nth move edi
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pic support bel
rom support ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy support bul move con
swe move ska
tri hold
tyr support tri
ven support mun move tyr
vie support tri
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
England: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
nat move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move tri
ank hold
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel move nth
ber move lvn via convoy
bla hold
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
cly move edi
con support bul
edi move cly
gal move rum
gre move aeg
ion support gre
iri support lvp
lvp support edi move cly
mid move por
nat hold
nth move lon
nrg support cly move edi
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom support ven
ruh move mun
ser support tri
smy hold
tri hold
tyr hold
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ven
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb support ion move gre
ank move bla
bal convoy den move lvn
bel move pic
bla move bul/ec
bul move gre
bur hold
cly move nrg
con support smy
den move lvn via convoy
eas move smy
edi move cly
hol move kie
ion move gre
iri move nat
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp support edi move cly
mun move tyr
nat support cly move nrg
nth move nrg
nrg move nwy
pie support rom move ven
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move gal
ser support bul move gre
ska move nwy
smy hold
tri move alb
tyr move ven
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
bal move ber
boh move tyr
bur support mun
cly move edi
con support smy
eas move ion
eng move bel
gal move sil
gre hold
ion support alb move gre
iri move eng
kie support mun
lvn move stp
lvp move nat
mid hold
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nth convoy pic move lon
nrg move edi
pic move lon
pie support ven
ser support gre
sil move ber
ska move nwy
smy hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bur
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move den
bel move hol
ber support mun
cly move nrg
eng support pic move bel
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lvp move iri
mid move nat
mos move war
nap move apu
nth move hol
nwy move nth
pic move bel
pie support ven
stp move nwy
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
apu move adr
bel hold
ber move sil
cly move lvp
den move hel
eng move lon
iri support mid move nat
kie move hol
mid move nat
nth hold
nwy hold
pie support ven move tyr
stp move mos
ven hold
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Russia: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
edi move nrg
hel support hol
iri move mid
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move sev
mun support sil move boh
nat support edi move nrg
nth hold
par move bur
sil move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
boh move vie
bur hold
den move swe
eng move mid
hel support hol
mid move por
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nth move eng
nrg move bar
pie hold
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
ukr move rum
wal move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur
ber move sil
boh move vie
bur support bel
eng support bel
hel move nth
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move naf
mun support ruh
nrg support lon move nth
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
rum support vie move bud
sev move arm
swe move nwy
vie move bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bar move nwy
bel support bur
bud move ser
bur support bel
den support hel move nth
eng support bel
hel move nth
mun move bur
naf move tun
nth hold
nrg support bar move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bud move ser
sil move boh
spa/sc move mar
swe move nwy
tus move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber move mun
boh move vie
bre move eng
bur support bel move ruh
den move ska
edi support lon move nth
eng move bel
hol support ruh
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nth support swe move nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par support bur
rom move nap
ruh support ber move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support mun move tyr
tun move ion
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bre move pic
bul support ank move con
bur support bel
den move nth
edi move nth
eng support bel
hol move bel
ion support gre
gol move tys
mun move bur
nth move lon
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par support bur
ruh support mun move bur
ska support swe move nwy
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support mun move ven
tyr move ven
vie move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Germany: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
