PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move rum
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move rum
stp/sc move fin
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
apu move gre via convoy
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move swe
gal move bud
gas move spa
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move ruh
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
sev move rum
smy hold
spa move por
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nth
gal move boh
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun support ven move tyr
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move swe
pic support bre move eng
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sev move rum
spa move gas
swe move bal
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb support bul move ser
bal move ber
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur support mun
con move bul
gal support boh move vie
gas move par
kie move bal
lon move eng
gol move wes
mun support ber move sil
nth support lon move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pic support bre move eng
rom support ven
rum move bla
sev move rum
sil support bal move ber
smy move con
spa move mar
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bur
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move tri
ank move con
bal move ber
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre support pic move eng
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
gal support rum move bud
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support bal move ber
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
par move pic
pic move eng
pru move sil
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil move pru
stp move mos
tun support nap move ion
ven move tyr
vie support ser move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support tyr move tri
bel hold
ber hold
bre support wes move mid
bud support sev move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bla
den move swe
gal move war
ion move eas
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nth support bel
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pru move lvn
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ser
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bre support mid
bud support alb move ser
bul move rum
bur support pic
con move bul
eas support ion move aeg
eng move mid
ion move aeg
iri support eng move mid
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
mid hold
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nat support eng move mid
nap move ion
nth move nwy
par support bur
pic hold
ruh move bur
ser move bud
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri support alb move ser
ven move tyr
vie support ser move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
stp move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bel support ruh move bur
ber move sil
bla move con
bot support pru move lvn
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul move gre
bur move bel
eas move smy
eng support nat move mid
fin move stp
gal move rum
ion move gre
iri support eng
lvn support stp
mid move spa/sc
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nwy support fin move stp
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
por move mid
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
rum support bud
ser move bud
sev support gal move rum
smy hold
stp hold
tri support ser move bud
tyr move vie
vie support bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bud move gal
lvn disband
rum move ukr
smy move syr
stp disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bul
remove con
remove gal
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove syr
remove ukr
build Army ven
remove vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
bel hold
bot support stp move lvn
bre support por move mid
bud support tyr move vie
con move smy
eng support hol move bel
gal support ukr move war
ion move gre
iri move mid
lon support eng
mos move ukr
nat support iri move mid
nap move tys
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pic move eng
por move mid
rum support mos move ukr
sev hold
smy move con
spa/sc support iri move mid
stp move lvn
syr support con move smy
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
bel move ruh
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bre support por move mid
bud move gal
con move smy
eng support hol move bel
gal support war
gre move bul/sc
lon support eng
lvn support bot move stp
mid move por
mos support ukr move war
nat move mid
par move bur
pic move bel
por move mid
rum support ukr
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
smy move con
spa/sc support mid move por
stp/nc move nwy
syr support con move smy
tri move tyr
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie move boh
war support gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
remove con
remove gal
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move eng
bla move ank
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support aeg move con
eng support mid
lon support eng
lvn support war
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mos move lvn
nat support spa/sc move mid
nap move ion
nwy move nth
par move pic
por support bre move mid
pru move war
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser move rum
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc support lvn
tyr support vie move boh
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move eng
boh support tyr move mun
bre support por move mid
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
con move bla
eng move bre
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn move stp
gol support tys move wes
mid move bre
mos support war
nat move iri
nth move den
pic support bre
pie hold
por move mid
pru support lvn move war
rum support bud move gal
sev hold
smy support bul/sc move con
spa/sc move por
stp/sc move bot
tyr move mun
tys move wes
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove pru
build Army rom
remove syr
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
boh move sil
bot move bal
bre move gas
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul/ec
den move kie
eng support iri move mid
gal support boh move sil
iri move mid
gol support wes move spa
mid move naf
mos move ukr
mun support boh move sil
nap move tys
nth support bel move hol
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rom move ven
rum support gal
sev support mos move ukr
smy move con
stp move lvn
tun move naf
ven move tyr
war support sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank move bla
bal support kie move ber
ber move sil
bul/ec move rum
bur move ruh
eng move nth
gal support rum move ukr
gas support spa/sc
hol move kie
iri move eng
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nth move hel
pic move bel
por support spa/sc
rum move ukr
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move con
spa/sc support bur move mar
tun support wes move naf
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move gal
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ukr move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal support ber
bel support ruh move hol
bla move rum
bul/ec move bla
bur move gas
con support bul/ec move bla
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support ukr move rum
gas support por move spa
kie move den
lon move pic via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support gol move spa
mos move stp
mun support sil
naf move mid
nth move den
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru support war
ruh move hol
sev support war move ukr
sil hold
spa/sc move wes
tun support wes
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
war move ukr
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal support ber
bel move ruh
bla support con move ank
bul/sc move con
bur move par
con move ank
eng support mid
gal move ukr
gas support por move mid
hel move den
hol support bel move ruh
kie support hol
mar support spa/sc
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth move nwy
pic move par
por move mid
pru support ukr move war
rum support gal move ukr
sev move rum
sil move war
spa/sc support naf move mid
tun move naf
tyr move boh
ukr support sev move rum
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
mid move bre
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
