PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
par move bur
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
boh support tyr move mun
bur move bel
con move aeg
eng support bur move bel
fin move swe
kie move den
lvn move pru
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
tyr move mun
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support lon move hol
ber support ruh move kie
boh move sil
bre move mid
con move aeg
den move swe
eng support lon move bel
gre hold
hol support lon move bel
lon move bel
mar move bur
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy support den move swe
par move bre
por move spa/sc
pru support war move sil
rom move ven
ser support gre
sev move ukr
spa move mar
stp/sc move lvn
swe move bal
tri move vie
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bal support pru move ber
bel support ruh
ber move mun
boh move mun
bre support pic
bul support smy move gre
bur move mun
eng support bel
gre move bul/sc
hol move hel
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn move bot
mid move nat
nth support eng
nwy move stp
pic support bre
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support ber move mun
rum hold
ser support gre move bul/sc
sil support bur move mun
smy move gre
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
tri move bud
tys move tun
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bul/sc
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
remove mar
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bal move swe
bel move bur
ber hold
boh move sil
bot support bal move swe
bre move lvp
bud move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
edi move nwy
eng move pic
gal move war
gre move tun
hel support swe move kie
ion convoy gre move tun
kie move den
lvp move nat
mid convoy bre move lvp
nat convoy bre move wal
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
stp move mos
swe move kie
tri move alb
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven move apu
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
rum move sev
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
apu hold
bel hold
ber move pru
bot move lvn
bre move pic
bul support sev move rum
bur support bel
den hold
fin support nwy move stp
hel move kie
hol support pic move bel
ion support aeg move gre
lvp hold
mid move eng
nat move cly
nth support pic move bel
nwy move swe
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
stp move mos
swe hold
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr move mos
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move ven
bel support lon move eng
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul support alb move gre
bur support pic move bel
cly move edi
con move bul
den hold
eng support pic move bel
gre support con move bul
hol move ruh
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mun move tyr
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh support pic move bel
rum support con move bul
ser support bud move rum
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe hold
ukr support rum
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel hold
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur support bel
cly move lvp
eng support bel
gre support tun move alb
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move alb
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support sil move war
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
sil move war
stp move nwy
swe support kie move den
tri move tyr
tun move alb
tyr move vie
ukr support lvn move mos
ven support tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
remove edi
build Army kie
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support bul move ser
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move gas
cly move lvp
con move bul
den move kie
eng move lon
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar hold
mos move war
nap hold
nth move edi
nwy move swe
rom hold
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move rum
spa/sc move por
stp/sc move lvn
tyr hold
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
ser move gre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bel move hol
bud support gal move vie
bul support aeg move gre
cly move lvp
edi move cly
gal move vie
gas move mar
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move adr
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn hold
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
nap hold
nwy move stp
por hold
rom hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move vie
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
vie disband
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove cly
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
remove mun
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
remove vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move con
bel move pic
bud support ven move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
eng support pic move bel
gal support bud
gas move bur
gre move ion
iri move eng
kie move mun
lon support iri move eng
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move nat
mar move spa
mos move stp
nap hold
nwy hold
pic move bel
por move mid
rom hold
ruh support kie move mun
ser move bud
sev move ukr
stp move nwy
tri support ser move bud
tyr move pie
ven hold
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
eng move bre
stp move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
bel move pic
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
eng support bel move pic
fin move swe
gal support vie
lon move wal
lvn move bot
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nap hold
nth move hol
nwy hold
pic support bur move bel
pie move tyr
rom hold
ruh move bur
ser move bud
stp support nwy
tri support bud move vie
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support ukr move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
gal move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Army con
remove wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bel move bur
ber move mun
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move bul
eng support mid move bre
gal support rum
gre move apu
hol move nth
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move hol
mid move bre
mar move pie
mun move bur
nap hold
nwy support bot move swe
pic move par
rom hold
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
ser move bud
spa/sc hold
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army/dislodged swe
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
swe move den
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move nap
bel hold
ber move kie
bre support eng
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den move bel
eng support bre
fin support nwy
gal move rum
gas support bre
hol support den move bel
ion support apu move nap
mun support ruh move bur
nap support rom move apu
nth convoy den move bel
nwy support swe
par hold
pic support bel
pie move tus
rom move apu
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser support tri
spa/sc move mar
swe support nwy
tri support bud move vie
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ven support mun move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove pic
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support tus move rom
bel hold
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move smy
den move swe
eng support bur move bel
fin move nwy
gas move mar
gre move tun
hol support kie
ion convoy gre move tun
kie support hol
mun support kie
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nwy move nrg
par hold
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support bud
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri support adr move ven
tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
vie support ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
bar move nrg
den move swe
eng move bre
fin move nwy
gas move mar
gre move bul
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support hol
mid move por
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth move edi
nrg move cly
pie support tus move ven
rom move tus
smy move con
swe support fin move nwy
tri support ven
tus move ven
vie support rum move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pie
build Army smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bel move bur
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
cly move edi
con move bul
den move swe
edi support lvp move cly
gal move vie
gas move mar
hol support kie
kie support hol
lon move nth
lvp move cly
nap support rom
nrg support cly move edi
nwy move swe
por move mid
rom hold
rum hold
ser support tri
sev support rum
smy move con
swe move ska
tri support ven
tus support apu move rom
tyr support tus move ven
tys move wes
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support tus move ven
boh move mun
bud support vie
bul support ser
bur move par
cly support nth move nrg
con support bul
den move swe
edi support nrg
eng move bel
gre move apu
hol move bel
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move mun
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/sc
nap support gre move apu
nth move nrg
nrg support edi
nwy hold
rom move tus
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move rum
ska move swe
tri support ven
tun move spa
tus move ven
tyr support apu move ven
vie hold
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bud support tri
bul support ser
bur move pic
cly move edi
con support bul
edi move nth
eng support nth
gal move rum
hol move bel
ion move tys
lvp support cly move edi
mar move spa
mun support tyr
nth support den
nrg support edi move nth
nwy move swe
par hold
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser support bud
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
tri support apu move ven
tun move spa
tyr support mun
ven move adr
war move gal
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
Russia: fleet/dislodged edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
con move smy
den move hol
edi support lvp move yor
eng move lon
gal support vie
lvp move yor
nth convoy den move hol
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
par move bre
pic move bel
rum hold
ser support bud
sev support rum
ska support swe move den
spa/sc move wes
swe move den
tri support bud
tun move tus
tus move gol
tys convoy tun move tus
ven support tri
vie hold
wes support tus move gol
yor support nwy move nth
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove lvp
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
bre move pic
bud support tri
bul support ser
den hold
edi support nth move nrg
gal support vie
ion move aeg
kie support bel move hol
lon move yor
gol convoy tus move spa
mar support spa/sc
mun move tyr
nap move tus
nth move nrg
nrg support yor move edi
nwy move nth
par support bre move pic
pic move bre
rum hold
ser support bud
sev support rum
ska support nwy move nth
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
tri support bud
tus move spa
tyr move pie
tys convoy nap move tus
ven move tyr
vie hold
wes support tus move spa
yor move edi
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army/dislodged hol
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army/dislodged pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
hol move ruh
nth move eng
pic move bel
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move pic
bul support ser
den move edi
edi move nth
eng support mid move bre
gal support rum
hol support kie
kie support hol
lon support edi move nth
gol move mar
mid move bre
mar move pie
mun support pie move tyr
nth convoy den move edi
nrg support den move edi
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move tyr
ruh move bel
rum support sev
ser support bud
sev support rum
ska move den
spa support gol move mar
tri support bud
tus move pie
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
vie hold
wes support spa
yor support nth
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Turkey: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
mar disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove mid
remove ruh
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move wal
bul support ser
cly move lvp
con move aeg
den support nth
edi move cly
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move bud
gol move spa/sc
nth support pic move bel
nrg move nat
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
sev move bla
smy hold
spa move gas
tri support bud
ven support pie move tyr
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bla convoy rum move arm
bre move par
bud support tri move vie
bul support ser move rum
cly move lvp
con move ank
den hold
eng move iri
gal support vie
gas move bre
hol move hel
kie move den
lon support wal move yor
lvp support eng move iri
mid support gas move bre
mar move spa/sc
nat support cly move lvp
nth support yor move lon
rum move arm
ser move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move por
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven support tyr
vie hold
wal move yor
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lon move eng
lvp move wal
vie disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
