PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bud support rum
bul move gre
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum hold
sev move bla
tri move adr
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move con
bar move nwy
bel move ruh
ber support kie move mun
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move mun
lon hold
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth hold
nwy move fin
pic move bur
pie move tyr
por move mid
rum support bud move ser
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move ven
ukr move rum
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support bul move gre
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla support rum
boh move vie
bud support ser
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul
fin move stp
gal move bud
ion move tun
lon hold
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support ber move sil
nth move eng
nwy move swe
ruh support mun
rum support gal move bud
ser hold
swe hold
tyr move tri
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove ser
build Army smy
remove ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bla support rum move bul
bud move ser
bul support gre move ser
con support smy move ank
edi move nwy
gre move ser
hol move bel
kie move ruh
mos support war
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move ska
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser move tri
sil support mun move boh
smy move ank
stp move mos
swe hold
tri support tus move ven
tun move tys
tus move ven
tys support wes move tun
ven support ser move tri
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con
bla support rum move bul
boh support mun move tyr
bud move vie
bul support gre move ser
con support bul
eng move mid
gre move ser
lon move swe
mos support war
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move swe
nwy support lon move swe
rom support tus move ven
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser move tri
sil move mun
ska convoy lon move swe
stp move mos
tri support tus move ven
tun support tys move wes
tus move ven
tys move wes
ven support ser move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bal
ven disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel move hol
bla move bul/ec
boh support tyr move vie
bud move ser
bul hold
con move aeg
eng move mid
gre hold
kie move hol
lon hold
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nth hold
nwy move stp
rom move tus
rum support bud move ser
ser move bud
ska move swe
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tun support wes move naf
tyr move vie
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wes move naf
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move hol
bla support rum move bul
boh move tyr
bul hold
con support bul
fin move stp
gre move nap
ion convoy gre move nap
kie move hol
lon hold
lvn move pru
mos support war
mun support boh move tyr
naf move tun
nth support lon
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri support tyr move vie
tun move tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr move vie
ven move pie
vie support boh move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bal support pru
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla move rum
bre move par
bud support tyr move vie
bul support ser move gre
con hold
gre hold
ion support gre
kie move hol
lon move wal
lvn support pru move war
mos support war
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth move lon
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move war
ser move gre
sev support bla move rum
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys move rom
vie move bud
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bal support lvn
bel move nth
boh support vie
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur hold
con hold
den move swe
eng hold
gal support ukr move war
ion support gre
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn support war
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
nap move rom
rum support bul
ser support bul move gre
sev support mos
stp move mos
tri move ser
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move war
vie support mun move tyr
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove bul
build Fleet kie
build Army rom
remove sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank support con
bal move ber
bel move nth
boh support gal move vie
bud move vie
bur move ruh
con support gre move bul/sc
den move swe
eng hold
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn move mos
mos support ukr
nap move gre
par move bur
pie move tus
rom move nap
ser move bul
stp support lvn move mos
swe move nwy
tyr support vie move tri
tys support pie move tus
ukr support mos
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal move lon
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army/dislodged tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
tus move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank support con
bal move den
bel move eng
boh move gal
bul/sc move con
bud support ser move tri
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move wal
gre support con move bul
ion support gre
kie move den
lon move nth
mos move sev
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser move tri
sev support ukr move mos
stp move nwy
swe move den
tus move rom
tyr support tri
tys support tus move rom
ukr move mos
ven support rom move tus
vie support tri
wal move lon
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ber
build Army mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bul/sc move con
bal move kie
ber move kie
bul/sc move con
bud support ser move tri
bur move pic
con move bul
eng support wal move lon
gal move bud
gre support con move bul
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon move wal
mar move pie
mos support gal move war
mun move sil
nap move apu
nth move eng
nwy hold
rom move tus
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev support mos
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tus hold
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tus
ukr move war
ven support rom move tus
vie support gal move bud
wal move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
apu support rom move ven
bal move den
ber move kie
bul/sc move aeg
bud support tyr move tri
con move bul
eng convoy pic move wal
gre support con move bul
hol move kie
lon move eng
mos support sil move war
nth support bal move den
pic move wal
pie support tus
rom move ven
rum move bul/ec
ser move bud
sev support mos
sil move war
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri support ser move bud
tun move ion
tus hold
tyr move tri
tys support tun move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie support bud
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
remove stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
ank move con
apu move alb
bud support tyr move tri
bul move ser
con move ank
den move kie
eng support hol move nth
gre support bul move ser
hol move nth
ion hold
kie support swe move den
lvp move cly
mar move pie
mos move war
nap move tys
nth move bel
pie move ven
pru move sil
rum hold
ser move bud
sev move mos
swe move den
tri support ser move bud
tus support pie move ven
tyr move tri
tys support ion
vie support tyr move tri
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
ser disband
tri move alb
ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ser
ank move con
bel support hel move hol
bud support tri move ser
cly move edi
con move bla
eng move bel
gre support ser
hel move hol
ion support tys move nap
kie move hol
lon move eng
mos move stp
nap move tys
nth support eng move bel
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru move ber
rum move bul/ec
ser hold
sev move mos
tri move ser
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove apu
build Army bre
remove eng
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove pic
remove pru
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel move nth
ber move bal
bla support con move bul
bre move pic
bud support tri move ser
con move bul
den move kie
gre support ser
ion move gre
kie move ber
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move bur
nth move nwy
par move bur
pie move tus
rom move apu
rum support sev move bla
ser hold
sev move bla
sil support vie move boh
smy move con
stp hold
swe move fin
tri move ser
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ser
apu move ven
bal move den
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bud support ser
bul support alb move ser
con move ank
edi move cly
fin move stp
gre support alb move ser
ion move gre
kie move mun
gol move tys
mun move bur
nth move bel
nwy support fin move stp
par move bur
rum support bla move bul/ec
ser support ion move gre
sil support kie move mun
stp hold
tus move rom
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
stp move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
ank move con
ber move pru
bul/ec support rum
bud support ser
cly move nat
con move aeg
gre hold
ion move adr
kie support mun move ber
mar move gol
mos support war
mun move ber
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
rum support bul/ec
ser support vie move tri
sev support rum
sil move war
stp move mos
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ven move apu
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg convoy gre move smy
alb move gre
apu move alb
boh move gal
bul/ec support rum
bud move gal
bur move mar
con hold
den move nth
gre move smy
ion move eas
gol move tys
mos support war
nat move mid
nwy move nrg
pic move bur
pru move war
rum support bul/ec
ser support tri move alb
sev move ukr
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri move alb
tun move ion
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove pru
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
alb move gre
ber move pru
boh move gal
bre move mid
bul/ec support rum
bud move gal
con hold
eas support ion move aeg
gre move smy
ion move aeg
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move sil
rum support bul/ec
ser support alb move gre
smy move ank
stp move mos
tys move ion
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg move eas
ank support smy
apu move alb
boh move gal
bul/ec support gal move rum
bud move vie
bur move mar
con support smy
eas move syr
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
kie move den
mid move wes
mos support war
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
rum move bla
ser move bul
sil move war
smy hold
stp move mos
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Germany: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support con
ber move sil
bul move con
con support smy
eas move smy
gal move rum
gre move ser
kie move ber
mos hold
mun move boh
pru move lvn
rum move bud
smy hold
stp move mos
syr support eas move smy
tys move ion
ukr move gal
vie move bud
war support stp move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support con move smy
boh move mun
bul support smy move con
con move smy
gal move ukr
lvn support mos
mos support gal move ukr
rum move bud
ser support vie move bud
sev support ukr move mos
smy move con
syr move smy
tyr move boh
ukr move mos
vie move bud
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
boh move gal
con move bla
ion move aeg
mos support ukr move sev
rum support sev
sev support rum
tys move ion
ukr move sev
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
bla support con move ank
bud support gal move rum
con move ank
gal move rum
ion move aeg
mos support ukr move sev
rum support sev
sev support rum
ukr move sev
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
France: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
France: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank disband
rum disband
sev move arm
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
