PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber hold
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla convoy con move arm
bot convoy lvn move swe
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move mar
con move arm via convoy
eng move bre
ion convoy nap move tun
mid move por
nap move tun via convoy
nth move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move hol
ser move bul
sev support rum
spa hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move mar
den move swe
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move hol
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
mos support sev
nwy support edi move nth
par move pic
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tri move ser
tun move naf
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move smy
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bot convoy stp move swe
bre support iri move mid
bud hold
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bul
den move ska
eas move smy
gas move bre
gre move aeg
hol support bel
iri move mid
mid support gas move bre
mos move war
naf hold
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support gas move bre
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move arm
stp move swe via convoy
tys move wes
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove iri
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
bla move con
bot move fin
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con move smy
eas support gre move aeg
eng move iri
gre move aeg
hol support bel
lon move den
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos move war
naf hold
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support nth
pic move bel
pie hold
pru move war
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move arm
ska move swe
tri hold
vie hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move ank
bel hold
bla move con
bul move con
bur move mar
den hold
eas move smy
fin move bot
gal move war
hol support bel
ion move nap
iri move eng
kie move den
mid convoy naf move gas
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun hold
naf move gas
nth support den
nwy support nth
pic move bur
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move bla
ser move gre
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri hold
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet lon
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
bel hold
bla move con
bot move lvn
bre move gas
bul support aeg move con
bur move mar
den move swe
eng support lon move nth
gal move sil
gas move spa
gre move ser
hol move hel
kie hold
lon move nth
gol move wes
mid move por
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move den
nwy support den move swe
pic move par
pie move tus
pru move war
rum hold
sev hold
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tri move tyr
vie move boh
war support bot move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move lon
bla move sev
boh move mun
bul support con
con hold
den support swe
eng move bel
gas support mar move spa
hel support ska move den
kie support pru move ber
lvn move pru
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun hold
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bre
por hold
pru move ber
rom hold
rum hold
ser move bud
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp hold
swe support den
tri move tyr
tus move rom
war support lvn move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove kie
build Fleet lon
remove ska
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
bel hold
ber support ruh move mun
bla move sev
bud move tri
bul hold
con hold
den move kie
eng move bel
gas move bur
hel move kie
lon move eng
mid move por
mun hold
nth support eng move bel
nwy move stp/nc
por move mid
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
spa support mid move por
stp hold
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr support mun
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel support nth move hol
ber hold
bla move con
boh support mun
bre hold
bur support ruh move mun
den move hel
eng support bel
fin move stp
hel move hol
ion move apu
lvn support stp
nth move hol
nwy support fin move stp
pic move bel
por move mid
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev hold
spa move por
stp hold
tri move tyr
tus move ven
tyr move pie
tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
remove pic
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla move bul/ec
boh move gal
bul hold
bur move ruh
con hold
den move kie
eng move bel
fin move stp
hel move kie
lon move eng
lvn support stp
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move kie
nap hold
nth support bel move hol
nwy support fin move stp
pie move tyr
por move spa
ruh move hol
sil support tyr move mun
stp hold
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ven move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
apu move ion
bel support hol
ber move bal
bla move con
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mun
den move kie
eng support bel
fin move stp
gal support sil move war
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
lvn support stp
mun support kie
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy support fin move stp
pie hold
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev hold
sil move war
spa move rom via convoy
stp hold
tyr hold
tys support spa move rom
wes convoy spa move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Army lon
remove nap
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
build Fleet ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu move nap
bel support lon move pic
ber move pru
bla move ank
bud move rum
bur hold
den move kie
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
fin move stp
gal move war
hol support den move kie
kie move bal
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move war
nwy support fin move stp
pie support spa move tus
rom support apu move nap
rum move ukr
sev move arm
spa move tus via convoy
stp move mos
tri move adr
tyr support mun
tys move nap
ven move apu
vie move boh
war move mos
wes convoy spa move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
apu move nap
arm move sev
bal support kie move ber
bel hold
boh move sil
bul move con
bur move par
con move aeg
eng support pic move bre
gal support war
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvn support pru move war
nap move rom
nth support bel
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bre
pie move gol
pru move war
rom move ven
rum move sev
smy move con
spa move gas
stp move mos
tys move tus
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move bla
arm move smy
bal move pru
bel move pic
ber support bal move pru
bre hold
bul move con
con support arm move smy
edi move hol via convoy
eng support bre
gal move ukr
gas support par move bre
kie support ber
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
mun hold
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move nrg
par move bre
rum support ukr move sev
sil move ber
stp move lvn
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven support rom
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: army/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
ber support kie
bla move ank
bre hold
con support bla move ank
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
gas support par move bre
hol move ruh
ion support rom move tys
kie support ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move war
gol move wes
mos hold
mun hold
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nat
par move bre
pic support bre
pru support ber
rom move tys
rum move bul
sev support mos
sil support ukr move war
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tyr move boh
ukr move war
ven move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
bel support ruh move bur
ber support pru
boh move sil
bre support pic
bud move gal
bul support con
con support aeg move smy
eng support nat move iri
gas move mar
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support ber
mid support par move bre
mos move sev
mun hold
nat move iri
nth move nwy
par move bre
pic support bre
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move bur
sev move arm
sil move war
stp hold
tri move adr
tun hold
tys move gol
vie move boh
war move mos
wes support tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
ank move bla
arm support con move ank
bel move bur
ber support pru
boh support mun
bre support bur move par
bul move con
bur move par
con move ank
eng support iri move mid
gas move bre
iri move mid
kie support ber
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mos move lvn
mun support sil move ber
nwy support stp
par move bur
pic support bre
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sev move mos
sil move ber
smy hold
stp hold
tun move wes
tys hold
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
remove wes
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber support pru
boh support mun
bre move par
bur support bre move par
con move smy
eng support mid
gal move war
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mid support pic move bre
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
nwy support stp
pic support bre
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support war move pru
smy hold
stp hold
tri move adr
tys move tun
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move bur
ber support pru
boh support mun
bur move gas
eng support mid
gal move war
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid support bur move gas
mar support gol move spa
mos support lvn move stp
nwy support stp
par hold
pic move bre
por move mid
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sev move ukr
sil support war move pru
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
syr move smy
tun move naf
tys move wes
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army lon
remove syr
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber support pru
boh support mun
bre support mid
bur move gas
eng convoy lon move bel
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support war move pru
mid hold
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun hold
naf support por move mid
nwy support stp
par support bur move gas
por support spa/sc move mid
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support war move pru
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
ukr support mos
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
England: fleet/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move bal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support ber
bel move bur
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre support mid
bur move gas
con move bul
eng support mid
gal move war
gas move spa
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid support gas move spa
mar support gol move spa
mos support lvn
naf move mid
nwy support stp
par hold
pie move mar
pru hold
ruh support kie
sev support mos
sil support pru
stp hold
tyr support mun
ukr support mos
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre support mid
bul move ser
bur support gas move mar
eng support mid
gas move mar
ion move tys
kie support ber
mid hold
mos support lvn
mun support sil move ber
nwy support stp
par move gas
pru move ber
ruh support bur
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr support mos
war support pru
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel move bur
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre support mid
bur move mar
eng support mid
gas support mar move spa
kie support ber
gol support pie move mar
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
naf support por move mid
nwy support stp
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh support kie
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp hold
tyr support mun
ukr support mos
war support pru
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel move bur
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre support mid
bur move mar
eng support mid
gas support bur move mar
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mid support spa move por
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun support sil move ber
naf support por move mid
nwy support stp
pru support sil move ber
ruh support kie
sev move ukr
sil move ber
spa move por
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys support wes
ukr move gal
ven move pie
war support pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel move bur
ber support kie
boh move sil
bre support mid
bur move gas
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move spa
kie support ber
lon move pic via convoy
gol support spa/sc
mid support gas move spa
mos support lvn
mun support sil move ber
nwy support stp
pie support mar
por support gas move spa
pru support sil move ber
ruh support kie
sil move ber
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
war support pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
