PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move smy
bot move swe
bul hold
bur support yor move bel
gal move vie
hol hold
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
mun hold
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
rom move ven
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den hold
edi move nth
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon hold
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move hel
nwy hold
par support bre move pic
por move mid
rum support vie move bud
ser support tri
sev move bla
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move adr
bar support stp move nwy
bel support bur move ruh
ber move bal
bla move arm
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move smy
den hold
gal move vie
gre move aeg
hel move kie
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie support den
lon hold
mar move pie
mun hold
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rum support bud move ser
ser move bud
smy move ank
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
ven support tri
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
ser disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lon
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move bul/sc
ank hold
arm support sev move bla
bal move ber
bar support nwy
bel move hol
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bla
den hold
gal support tri move vie
hel move kie
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move ruh
mid hold
mun support kie move ruh
nth support bel move hol
nrg hold
pic move bur
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move bla
smy move con
swe support nwy
tri move vie
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move ion
ank move arm
arm support bla move ank
bar support nwy
bla move ank
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move bla
den hold
gal move bud
gre support alb move ion
hel move den
hol move kie
kie support mun
mun hold
nth support hel move den
nrg hold
ruh move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
smy move aeg
swe support den
tyr move boh
ven move tri
vie support tyr move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
boh disband
mun move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
remove smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support arm move bla
arm move bla
bar support stp/nc move nwy
ber hold
bla move ank
boh move gal
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mun
con support bla move ank
den hold
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon move nth
mun move sil
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie support boh move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ser
ank move arm
arm move smy
bar move nwy
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move kie
bla move con
bud move rum
bul support bla move con
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul
den support ruh move kie
gal move bud
gre support aeg move bul
hel support kie
kie hold
lon move nth
mun support sil move ber
nap move ion
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sil move ber
stp/nc support bar move nwy
swe move bal
tri support alb move ser
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove con
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove pru
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support war move pru
ber move sil
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
den hold
gre hold
hel move den
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie support hel move den
lon hold
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy hold
rom move tus
ser support bud
smy move ank
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move sev
bal move swe
bla move sev
boh support tri move tyr
bud move vie
bur hold
con hold
den hold
gre hold
kie support den
lon hold
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun support sil move ber
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support stp/nc move bar
pru support war move sil
ruh move bel
rum move gal
ser hold
sil move ber
ska move nwy
stp/nc move bar
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tus support ven move pie
tys move wes
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army lvp
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar move nrg
bel move ruh
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur support mun
con move smy
den move bal
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gal move war
gre move ion
kie move den
lon move hol via convoy
lvp hold
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support ber
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru support sil
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support gol
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tun move tys
tus support wes move gol
tyr support boh move mun
ven support pie
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support den move swe
bar move nrg
ber support mun
boh support tyr
bur support mun
den move swe
fin support swe
hol move kie
ion move tun
lvp hold
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support ber
nth move nwy
nrg hold
nwy support bar move nrg
pie hold
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
ska support den move swe
spa/sc support gol
swe support nwy
tus support wes move gol
tyr support boh
tys support wes move gol
ven support pie
war support sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army rom
remove sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar move nrg
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot support fin move swe
bre move mid
bur support mar
fin move swe
kie support ber
lvp hold
gol move wes
mun support ber
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy support bar move nrg
pie move mar
pru support sil
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support pru
ska move nwy
spa/sc support wes
swe support ska move nwy
tun support gol move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support gol move wes
ven support tyr
vie support boh
war support pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar support stp/nc move nwy
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bur support mar
fin support stp/nc move nwy
kie support ber
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber
naf move wes
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
pie move mar
pru support sil
ruh support mun
sil support pru
smy move con
spa/sc support naf move wes
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tun move naf
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys support wes
ven support tyr
vie support boh
war support pru
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
ber support mun
boh support tyr
bot support fin move swe
bre move gas
bur support mar
con hold
fin move swe
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber
naf support wes move mid
nrg support nwy
nwy support ska move swe
pie move mar
pru support sil
ruh support mun
ser hold
sil support pru
ska move swe
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tus move ven
tyr support boh
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie support boh
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar support lvn move stp
ber support mun
boh support tyr
bot support fin move swe
bur support mar
den hold
edi hold
fin move swe
gas support spa/sc
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move gas
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber
naf move mid
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru support sil
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil support pru
spa/sc support por
swe support bal move bot
tyr support boh
vie support boh
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy den move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun
boh support tyr
bot move swe
bud move gal
bur support mar
den move lvn via convoy
edi move yor
fin move nwy
gas support spa/sc
kie support ber
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar support spa/sc
mos support stp
mun support ber
naf move mid
nrg support bar
nwy support bar move stp
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru support sil
ruh support mun
sil support pru
spa/sc support mar
stp support fin
swe move bot
tyr support boh
vie support boh
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun
boh support tyr
bot move swe
bur support mar
con move bla
eng support mid move bre
fin support stp
gal move war
gas support spa/sc
kie support ber
lvn support bar move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nrg move nth
nwy support bar move stp
por support spa/sc
pru support mos move lvn
ruh support mun
sil support pru
spa/sc support mar
stp support mos move lvn
swe support bal move bot
tri move bud
tyr support boh
ven support pie
vie move gal
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove ruh
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bot support bar move stp
bre support mid
bud move vie
bur support mar
eng move bel
fin support stp
gal support sil
gas support por move mid
kie support mun
lvn support stp
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mid support gol move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth move bel
nwy support bar move stp
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support sil
rom move tys
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support por move mid
stp support fin
swe move fin
tyr move mun
ven support pie
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
stp move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot move lvn
bre support wes move mid
bur move mar
con hold
eng support wes move mid
fin support mos move stp
gas support mid move bre
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie support mun
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun support ber
nat move lvp
nth move eng
nwy support stp/nc
pru move ber
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move por
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven support pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
mun move bur
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
boh support mun
bot support stp/nc
bre support por move mid
bur support mar
edi move cly
eng support mid move bre
fin support lvn move stp
gas support por move mid
iri support nth move eng
kie support ber
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move bre
mar support spa
mun support sil move ber
nat move lvp
nth move eng
nwy hold
pic support mid move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support sil move ber
sil move ber
spa support mar
stp/nc hold
swe move ska
tun move wes
ven move tus
vie move tyr
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move bel
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
bot move fin
bre hold
bur support mar
cly support iri move lvp
eng move bel
fin move swe
gas move bre
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon hold
lvn move war
lvp hold
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa
mar support spa
mun support ber move kie
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
ska move nth
stp/nc hold
tus move ven
tyr support mun
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
lvp move wal
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove cly
remove mid
build Army mos
remove nth
build Army rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move sil
bre support wes move mid
bur support mar
den support fin move swe
eng hold
fin move swe
gal move boh
gas support spa
kie support swe move den
lon hold
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nwy support stp/nc
pic support bre
pie move mar
rom move ven
sev move rum
sil support tyr move mun
spa support mar
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
wal move iri
war support ber move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
bre hold
bur move bel
con move ank
den support kie
eng move bel
gal support boh move sil
gas support spa
hol support ruh move kie
iri move eng
kie support sil move ber
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support spa
mun support pru move ber
nwy move nth
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum move ser
sil move ber
spa support mar
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
