PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bud support ukr move rum
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bre
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move mun
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos move stp
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
ukr move rum
ven move pie
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move sil
bla move rum
bot support stp move swe
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum move ser
con support bul
den move swe
eng move bel
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move bal
mid move iri
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move swe
rum move ser
ser move bul
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move swe via convoy
tri move ser
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri move ser
ank move con
bal move swe
bel move ruh
bot move swe
bud support tri move ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur support pie move mar
con move smy
den support bal move swe
eas move aeg
eng move bel
gal move war
gre support eas move aeg
hol move bel
ion support gre
iri move lvp
lon move eng
mar move gas
nth support eng move bel
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rum support ser move sev
ser support aeg move gre
sil support gal move war
stp move fin
tri move ser
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army kie
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
alb move ser
ank support smy
bot support fin move swe
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move par
con support bul
den support swe
fin move swe
gas support ruh move bur
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
kie support sil move mun
lvp move wal
mar support bur move gas
por move spa
ruh move bur
rum support bul
ser move bul
sil move mun
smy support con
swe hold
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy tun move bul
ank move arm
bel hold
bot support fin move stp
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
con hold
den support swe
eng move lon
fin support war move stp
gal move war
gas support bur move mar
gre support tun move bul
ion convoy tun move bul
kie move hol
mar move gas
mos support gal move war
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par hold
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum support con move bul
ser support bul move rum
smy support con
spa support bur move mar
swe hold
tun move bul via convoy
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm move sev
bel move eng
bre move pic
bud move rum
bur support pie move mar
con hold
den move swe
edi move lvp
fin move nwy via convoy
gas move bre
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move wal
mar support spa move gas
mos support rum move sev
mun hold
nwy hold
par hold
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser move gre
smy support con
spa move gas
stp hold
swe move fin
tri move adr
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mar move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support eas move smy
arm support smy
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support hol move bel
con support smy
den move nth
eas move smy
edi move lvp
eng move iri
gas move mar
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move den
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nwy hold
par move bre
pic support wal move eng
rum move sev
sev move arm
smy support con
spa support gas move mar
stp hold
swe hold
tys move gol
wal move eng
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
smy move ank
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army kie
remove pic
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm support con move smy
bel hold
bre move par
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support pie move mar
con move smy
den move edi via convoy
eng move wal
gre hold
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move den
lon support nwy move nth
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa
mun hold
nth convoy den move edi
nwy move nth
par move bre
pie move mar
rum move bul
sev move arm
spa support mar
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tys move wes
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move bla
mar move gas
nth move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move con
arm move smy
bel hold
bla move ank
bul support aeg move con
bur move par
con move smy
den move swe
edi move lvp
fin support stp move nwy
gal move sil
gas support spa move mar
gre support bul
hel move den
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol support rom move spa
mid move por
mar support rom move spa
mun hold
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move bre
rom move spa via convoy
rum support sev
sev hold
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tys move nap
wal move lvp
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
nwy move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army bud
remove con
remove gas
remove gol
remove pie
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
arm move sev
bre move par
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move pic
den move nth
eas move ion
edi move lvp
eng hold
fin support nwy
gre hold
kie move hol
mar move spa
mun move ber
nap support tun move ion
nth move lon
nwy hold
par move bre
por move mid
rom move nap
rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
ven move apu
vie move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move nap
arm move ank
bel hold
bul move con
con move smy
den support swe
eng move lon
fin support nwy
gal move boh
gre hold
hol move kie
ion support aeg move gre
lvp move wal
mid move por
mun hold
nap move rom
nwy hold
par move bre
pic support par move bre
sev move arm
sil support tyr move mun
ska move nwy
spa move por
swe support ska move nwy
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ven support nap move rom
wal move iri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
mun move ruh
rom move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
