PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move pic
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bel
gal move bud
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support bla move rum
spa move mar
tys move tun
ven move pie
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
bot move swe
bud support gal move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
eng support hol move bel
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move nth
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par support mun move bur
pic move par
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support con move bul
ser move gre
sev move bla
tri move ser
tun move wes
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
bel support mun move bur
bla move ank
bot hold
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move smy
den support swe
eng move bre
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mun move bur
nth hold
nwy move stp/nc
par support eng move bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
swe hold
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mid
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
bel support mun move bur
ber move bal
bot move fin
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support ank move con
bur move gas
con move ank
den move bal
edi move nwy
gre move bul
hol move ruh
lon hold
lvp move iri
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support bur move gas
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum move gal
smy support con move ank
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel hold
ber move bal
boh move mun
bre support iri move mid
bul move rum
bur move mar
con support gre move bul
den support ber move bal
fin support mos move stp
gas support bur move mar
gre move bul
iri move mid
lon move nwy
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move fin
par hold
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh move hol
ser support aeg move gre
smy move ank
swe support nwy move fin
tri move alb
tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: fleet/dislodged fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
fin move bot
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove mid
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank hold
bal move ber
bar support nwy move stp
bel support par move pic
bot support stp
bre hold
bul hold
con move ank
den move kie
fin support nwy move stp
gal move sil
gas support mar move bur
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
lvn support stp
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nth hold
nwy move stp
par move pic
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy support con move ank
spa/sc move por
stp hold
swe support fin
tri move adr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bul move con
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support con
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bla move con
bot support stp
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul support bla move con
bur support ruh move mun
con hold
fin support nwy
gas move mar
gre move aeg
kie move den
lvn support stp
nth hold
nwy support fin
pic move par
pie support ven
por support spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum support bul
sil move war
smy support con
spa/sc hold
stp hold
swe support fin
tys move ion
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army nap
remove war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
ank move arm
bar hold
ber move bal
bla move con
bot support stp
bur support mar
con hold
den move nth
fin support nwy
kie move den
lvn support stp
mid move eng
mar hold
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy support fin
par move bre
pie support ven
por support spa/sc move mid
smy support con
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
swe support fin
tys support nap move rom
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bla move con
arm move sev
bal move swe
bar support nwy move stp
bla move con
bot support stp
bre hold
bul support bla move con
bur move mun
con hold
den support bal move swe
fin support nwy move stp
hol move bel
kie move hol
lvn support stp
mar hold
mun move sil
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
rum move sev
smy support con
stp hold
swe support fin
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ven support pie move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
ber move pru
bot support stp
bre hold
bul move gre
con support aeg move smy
den move ska
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn move war
mid move iri
mar hold
mun hold
pie move tyr
rum hold
sev move arm
sil move war
smy support ank move con
stp hold
swe support den move ska
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bla move con
arm move ank
bel hold
bla move con
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
con move ank
den move nth
gre move bul
hol support bel
ion move tun
iri move lvp
lvn move war
mar hold
mun move boh
nap move rom
pru support sil move war
sil move war
ska move nwy
smy move ank
stp move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove arm
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move bla
bel hold
ber move bal
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bud move gal
bul support con
con support aeg move smy
den move nth
hol hold
ion move tys
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move iri
mar hold
mun hold
nwy support den move nth
pru move lvn
rom support tus move ven
rum move sev
smy hold
stp move mos
swe support ber move bal
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
smy move arm
ven move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move kie
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bud move vie
con move ank
eng move lon
hel move kie
hol move edi
ion move gre
iri move eng
lvn support nwy move stp/nc
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nth convoy hol move edi
nwy move stp/nc
pie move ven
rom support ven
swe move den
tri support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
stp/sc disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal move den
bel move pic
bla move con
boh move gal
bre move gas
bul move con
den move nth
edi move lvp
eng move lon
gre move bul/sc
kie move hol
lvn move mos
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun move boh
nth move yor
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
tyr support mun move boh
tys move tun
ukr move rum
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bla move rum
boh support tyr move vie
bul move gre
den move nth
eng move bre
gal support tyr move vie
gas move spa
hol move bel
lvn move mos
lvp hold
mar support gas move spa
mos move sev
nth move lon
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move nap
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp/nc hold
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war support lvn move mos
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
