PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move bla
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move ank
gal move vie
kie move den
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
pie move mar
ser move bud
spa move mar
tus move pie
tys move tun
ukr move rum
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel support par move bur
bla support gal move rum
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bla
den hold
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
lon move nth
mid move por
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie hold
ruh hold
ser support bul move rum
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move ven
ukr support gal move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bar support nwy move stp
bel support bur
bla move sev
bud support rum
bur support bel
con move bul/ec
gal move rum
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move nap
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mar support bur
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pie hold
ruh hold
rum support sev
ser support rum
sev hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tus support pie
tys move gol
ukr support bla move sev
vie move tyr
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
sev move arm
stp move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove swe
build Army tri
remove tus
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
arm support bul/ec move bla
bar move nwy
bel support bur
bud support rum
bul/ec move bla
bur support mar
con move bul
den move nwy via convoy
edi support lon move nth
gal move rum
hol support nth
lon move nth
lvp move cly
gol support wes move spa
mos support sev
mun support ruh
nap move rom
nth convoy den move nwy
par move gas
pie hold
por support spa/sc
ruh hold
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
smy move aeg
tri move ven
ukr support gal move rum
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur move ruh
bla support arm
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move ruh
cly move nrg
den hold
edi support lon move nth
gal hold
gas support mar
hol move nth
lon move nth
gol support pie move tus
mos support sev
mun hold
nth move nwy
pie move tus
por move mid
ruh move hol
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev hold
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
ukr support sev
vie move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove edi
build Army tri
remove tus
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm support rum move sev
bel support ruh move hol
ber move bal
bla support rum move sev
boh move gal
bud support boh move gal
bul move rum
fin move swe
gal move vie
gas move bur
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support hol
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun hold
nth support stp/nc move nwy
nrg support stp/nc move nwy
nwy move swe
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser support rum
sev hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
ukr support sev
ven support tri move tyr
vie support boh move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bal move swe
bel support ruh move hol
bla support rum move sev
bud move vie
bul move rum
fin move swe
gal move ukr
ion move tun
gol move spa/sc
mar support bur
mos support sev
nap support tys
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
tyr support vie move boh
tys support ion move tun
ukr support sev
ven move pie
vie move boh
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
remove den
build Fleet lon
remove gol
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
arm support sev
bal move swe
bel support hol
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move mun
bud support gal
bur move ruh
con move aeg
fin move swe
gal support rum move ukr
hel move hol
hol support bur move ruh
kie support mun
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar support par move bur
mos support ukr
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move ska
nwy support fin move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
tun support nap move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ukr hold
vie move boh
war support ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
arm move bla
bal convoy kie move swe
bel support bur
bla move con
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur support ruh move mun
gal move war
hel support mun move kie
hol support bel
kie move swe via convoy
mid move wes
mar support bur
mos support ukr
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth support ska move den
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
ukr hold
vie move boh
war support ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Fleet lon
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
con move aeg
den move hel
edi move nrg
gal support rum move ukr
hol move kie
ion move tun
lon move eng
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mos support war
mun support bel move ruh
nth support lon move eng
nwy move swe
par move gas
rom move tus
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
swe move den
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber hold
bla move con
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
den move kie
eng move bre
gal move war
gas support mar
hel support nth move hol
hol support den move kie
kie hold
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mos support war
nth move hol
nrg move nth
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil support mun
swe move bal
tun move naf
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
war support mos
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move bel
mos disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support den move kie
bel move pic
ber hold
bre move mid
con move aeg
den move kie
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos support ukr move war
naf move mid
nth move bel
sev support mos
spa/sc move mid
ukr move war
war hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie move ber
bel support hol
ber hold
boh move sil
eng support iri move mid
gal move boh
hel move kie
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie move ber
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
mos move lvn
pie move mar
sev move mos
sil move pru
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr support mun
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
remove spa/sc
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bel move pic
boh support sil
bre support bel move pic
edi move cly
eng support bel move pic
hol move bel
kie support ber
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nat move cly
pie support mar
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army/dislodged pic
England: fleet pic
Austria: fleet pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
pic disband
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: fleet pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move tun
bar support lvn move stp
ber support kie
con move tun via convoy
edi move nth
eng move mid
ion convoy con move tun
iri support eng move mid
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvn move stp/sc
gol move wes
mid move por
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
nat move mid
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh move hol
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move nwy
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: fleet pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove eng
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: fleet pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bar move nwy
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre support mid
con move bul
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie support bel move hol
lvn move stp
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
nat move nrg
nth support bar move nwy
nwy support lvn move stp
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc support por move mid
tri move ven
tun move naf
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
nwy move swe
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
ber support kie
boh move mun
bre support mid
bul move ser
bur move par
den support nwy move swe
ion move nap
kie support hol
lvp move cly
mos move war
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nth move nwy
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support bel
por move mid
spa/sc support por move mid
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tys move rom
ven move adr
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
nwy move ska
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ber
build Army con
remove gas
remove mun
remove pic
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move arm
bre support iri move mid
cly move edi
con move bul
gre move ion
hol support ruh move bel
iri move mid
kie support hol
mid support spa/sc
mar move gol
nap move apu
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support nwy
par move gas
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move bel
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move gal
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
stp move fin
tyr move vie
war hold
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
mid move nat
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
bul move rum
den support ska move swe
edi support nth move nrg
fin move swe
gal move bud
gas move spa
hol support bel
ion move alb
kie support hol
gol support gas move spa
mid move nat
mar move pie
nat move lvp
nth move nrg
nrg support nwy
nwy support fin move swe
rum move bud
ser move tri
ska move swe
spa/sc move por
tun move tus via convoy
tys convoy tun move tus
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
nrg move bar
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
