PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
den move swe
gal move vie
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move mun
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
spa move por
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move sil
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move bul
den move swe
gre move ion
lon move nwy
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
par move gas
pie move mar
por hold
ruh move kie
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
spa/sc support mar
stp move fin
tri support bud move vie
tyr move ven
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
bla support rum move sev
bot support stp
bud move gal
bul move rum
den move swe
gal move rum
gas support mar
hol hold
ion move nap
kie move mun
lon move nwy
mid convoy por move naf
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move sil
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
por move naf via convoy
rum move sev
sev support gal move rum
sil move pru
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
ber move mun
bla move con
bot move bal
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
hol hold
lon move nwy
mid move iri
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pru move war
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support fin move swe
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber move kie
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move aeg
fin move swe
gas move lvp via convoy
hol move kie
iri convoy gas move lvp
mid convoy gas move lvp
mar move gol
mun support sil move boh
nth move bel
nwy support stp
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move boh
stp hold
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
ven move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army mar
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
boh support mun move tyr
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move bul
gal move war
ion move tys
iri move wal
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support gal move war
mun move tyr
nth convoy nwy move edi
nrg move cly
nwy move edi
rom support ion move tys
rum move gal
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move adr
tun hold
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support gal move war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
bel move pic
bud move tri
bul move rum
cly move lvp
den support nwy move swe
edi support cly move lvp
eng support wal move lon
gal support ukr move war
ion support tys
gol support pie
mos support war move lvn
mun move tyr
nth move lon
nwy move swe
pie support mun move tyr
rom move tus
tun hold
tyr move boh
tys support rom move tus
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie support tyr move boh
wal move lon
war move lvn
wes support tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
boh move mun
swe move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army bud
build Army con
remove fin
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
boh move tyr
bud move vie
con move bul
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng support lon move nth
gal move war
hol move kie
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move iri
gol support wes move tys
mos move stp
mun support sil move boh
nth move bel
pic move bel
pie move tus
rum move gal
sil move boh
swe move nwy
tri support boh move tyr
tun hold
tus support ven move pie
tyr support sil move boh
tys support tus move gol
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move tys
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth move nrg
pie move mar
tyr move ven
tys move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
boh move mun
bul move rum
den move swe
eng move mid
gal support war move sil
hol move bel
ion support rom move tys
iri move lvp
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move bur
nap support rom move tys
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg support edi
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom move tys
stp move nwy
tri support pie move ven
tun hold
tus support rom move tys
tyr move boh
tys move tus
ven move pie
vie support tyr move boh
war move sil
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
tys move wes
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army kie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud move vie
con move bul
edi move nwy
gal move war
ion move tys
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pie move tus
rum move gal
sil support boh move mun
stp move fin
tri support vie move tyr
tun hold
tus support tys move gol
tys move gol
ven support nap move rom
vie move tyr
wes support gol move tys
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army/dislodged rom
Austria: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move nap
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support nth move hol
ber support mun move kie
bul move gre
bur move mun
fin move nwy
gal move boh
hol support kie
ion support nap move tys
kie support hol
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth move hol
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
pie move tus
rom support nap move tys
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move gol
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support tun
ven support tus move pie
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lon
war move lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army/dislodged pie
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
tys move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support bur
ber support kie
bud move tri
bur support mar
den move swe
edi move nth
fin support stp move nwy
hol move hel
ion move tys
kie support mun move ruh
lon move eng
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
gol support wes
mar support bur
mun move ruh
nwy support swe
pie support tys move tus
rom support tys move tus
sev move mos
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tus move tys
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ven support pie
wes support tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support bur
bur support bel
den support fin move swe
fin support nwy move swe
hel support swe move den
iri move mid
kie move hol
gol support wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth support swe move den
nwy move swe
rom support tys
ruh support mun move bur
stp move nwy
swe move den
tun hold
tus support tys move gol
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven support pie
vie move tyr
wes support gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: army/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support bur
ber move pru
boh support mun
bur support bel
con move bul
eng move bre
hel support den
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol move tys
mid move por
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
nth support den
pie move gol
rom support tys
ruh move bur
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support pie move gol
tyr support tri move ven
tys support pie move gol
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support par move bur
ber move kie
bre hold
bur move gas
hel move kie
hol move bel
ion move tun
gol move wes
mar support par move bur
mun move ruh
nth support den
par move bur
por move spa/sc
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army/dislodged tun
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur move mar
den support ber move kie
gas support mun move bur
gre move bul
hol support ruh move bel
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move bur
naf move tun
nth move hol
pie move mar
ruh move bel
spa/sc support mar
tun support tys move wes
tyr move pie
tys move wes
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move rum
bur move par
eng support pic move bre
gas support bur move par
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie support hol
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
nth support den
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support iri move mid
rom move tys
rum move ukr
tun move naf
tus support ion move tys
ven move pie
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid disband
par disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support par move pic
bre support mid
eng support mid
gas move par
hol support bel
kie support swe move den
gol move spa/sc
mid support bre
mar support gol move spa
naf support wes move mid
nth support den
par move pic
pie move gas
por support mid
pru move war
rum move ukr
spa move gas
swe move den
tri move adr
tys move tun
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
bre support mid
eng support mid
gas support par move bre
hol support bel
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mid support bre
mar support spa/sc
mos move sev
nth support den
par move bre
pic support par move bre
por support mid
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move den
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support pic
ber move pru
eng support mid
gas support bre
hol move kie
mid hold
mar support spa/sc
mun move kie
naf support wes move mid
nth support den
pic support bel
por support mid
rom move tus
swe move den
tun move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support pic
eng support mid
gas support bre
hol move kie
gol move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun move kie
naf support wes move mid
nth move hel
pic support bel
por support mid
pru move lvn
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move den
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support pic
boh move mun
den support hel move kie
eng support mid
gas support bre
hel move kie
hol move kie
lvn move stp
mun move kie
naf support wes move mid
pic support bel
por support mid
sil support boh move mun
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
den support kie
eng support mid
gas support bre
hol support mun move kie
mar support spa/sc
mun move ber
naf support wes move mid
pie move tyr
por support mid
ruh support mun move kie
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move den
tri move ser
tus move tys
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
den support kie
edi move nrg
eng support mid
gas support bre
hol support ruh move kie
mar support spa/sc
mun move ber
naf support wes move mid
por support mid
ruh move kie
ser move alb
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move lvn
swe move den
tyr move mun
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move bal
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel move hol
den support bal move kie
eng support mid
fin support swe
gas support bre
hol move kie
kie move den
mar support spa/sc
mun move ber
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
pic move bel
por support mid
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe support kie move den
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
den support hol move kie
eng support mid
fin move stp
gas support bre
hol move kie
lvn move stp
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move ber
pic move bel
por support mid
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp/sc move bot
tri move vie
vie move gal
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support sil move ber
bar move nrg
den support kie
eng support mid
fin move stp
gas support bre
kie support den
mar support spa/sc
mos support stp/sc move lvn
mun move ber
nwy move stp
por support mid
ruh support bel
sev move rum
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp/sc move bot
ukr move sev
war move ukr
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove lvn
remove nrg
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bot move swe
eng support mid
fin move stp
gal support vie move bud
gas support bre
ion move tys
kie support den
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
nwy support bot move swe
por support mid
ruh support kie
sev move arm
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move fin
tri move adr
ukr move war
vie move bud
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber support mun
con move bul
den support kie
eng support mid
gas support bre
mar support spa/sc
mos support stp move lvn
mun support ber
naf move mid
por support mid
ruh move hol
rum support war move ukr
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move lvn
war move ukr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser
bal move swe
ber support mun
bud support gal
bul support rum
eng support mid
fin support nwy
gal support bud
gas support bre
ion support tys
kie support ruh
lvn support mos
gol support wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support wes
nwy support fin
por support mid
ruh support kie
rum support bul
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move ska
tun support naf
ukr support rum
wes support gol
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser
ber support mun
bud support ser
bul support rum
den support kie
eng support mid
fin support nwy
gas support bre
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ber
naf move mid
nwy hold
por support mid
ruh support kie
rum support ukr
ska move nth
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move ska
ukr support rum
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser
ber support mun
bud support gal
bul support rum
den support kie
eng support mid
fin move swe
gas support bre
gol move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ber
naf support wes move mid
nth move edi
nwy move swe
por support mid
ruh support kie
rum support bul
ska move nth
spa/sc support wes move mid
ukr support rum
wes move mid
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser
bud support gal
eng move nth
fin move swe
gas support bre
mid move iri
mar support spa/sc
naf support wes move mid
nth move nrg
nwy support fin move swe
por move mid
ruh support kie
spa/sc support wes move mid
wes move mid
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove por
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser
bud support gal
bul move gre
con move bul
den support swe
gas move spa
iri move nat
gol move wes
mid move nat
mar move gas
naf move mid
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
ruh support kie
spa/sc move mar
tun move naf
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
Russia: fleet/dislodged edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
gas move mar
iri move nat
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
naf support wes move mid
nth move eng
ruh move hol
spa move gas
tun move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
edi move nth
eng move iri
lvn support mos move stp
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf support wes move mid
nat move iri
nwy support mos move stp
por support wes move mid
smy move aeg
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move fin
tyr move mun
wes move mid
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
