PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
den move swe
gal support sil move war
gas move por via convoy
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid convoy gas move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
rum hold
sil move mun
smy move ank
stp move mos
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal support ser move bud
hol support par move bel
kie support hol
lon move nth
mid move nat
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy support bot move swe
par move pic
por move spa
rom move ven
rum move bla
ser move bud
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tri move alb
tun move tys
ven move tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
ank move con
bel support hel move hol
bla move sev
boh support gal move vie
bud support gal move vie
bul/sc support gre
den move nth
gal move vie
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move hel
gol move wes
nat move lvp
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic support hol move bel
rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move war
swe support nth move den
tri support vie move bud
tys hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bud move gal
den move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Fleet bre
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move con
bel move hol
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
gas move mar
gre move ser
hel move den
hol support ruh move bel
ion move alb
kie support hel move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
nap move ion
nwy move nth
pic move bur
ruh move bel
rum support gre move ser
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move mun
spa hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support hel move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move tun
vie move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
den move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den support swe
eas move ion
gre support con move bul
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth support bel
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rum support gre move ser
ser support alb move gre
sev move mos
ska support nwy move swe
spa move tus via convoy
swe support den
tri move ven
tun move tys
vie support bud
wal support bre move eng
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gal
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bud support ser
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den support swe
eas move ion
eng support wal move lon
gre support ion move aeg
hol support bel
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon hold
gol move tys
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie support tus move ven
rom support tys move tus
rum support bul move ser
ser support gre
sev move bla
ska support nth move den
swe move nwy
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys move tus
ven support rom move tus
vie move tri
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
den move hel
lon move nth
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ven
bel support hel move hol
bla move ank
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur move ruh
eas move ion
eng move nth
gre support nap move ion
hel move hol
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon support eng move nth
nap move ion
nth support den
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rom support apu move ven
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser support gre
ska support nwy move swe
stp hold
swe hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
nth move nrg
swe move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet sev
remove ska
remove tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support sev move bla
apu support rom move ven
bel support hel move hol
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move rum
bur support bel
con move smy
den move nth
eas move aeg
fin move swe
gre hold
hel move hol
hol move kie
lon support nth
mar move gol
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth support hel move hol
nrg move nat
pie move tus
rom move ven
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bul
ser support vie move tri
sev move bla
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tus move pie
tys move rom
ven move apu
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu support ven
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bla move ank
bud move vie
bur support mun
den support ruh move kie
eng move mid
fin move swe
hol support ber move kie
lon move nth
gol move tys
mun support ber move kie
nat move lvp
nth move edi
pie move tus
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser hold
sil move mun
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
remove smy
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
apu support rom move nap
bel move ruh
ber support kie move bal
bud move vie
bul move con
bur hold
con move bul/sc
edi move nth
fin move bot
gre support bul
hol move hel
kie move bal
lvp move iri
gol support nap move tys
mid move wes
mun support bel move ruh
nap move tys
nth move ska
rom move nap
rum support con move bul
ser hold
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven support tri move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
England: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move kie
tys move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven move rom
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bot hold
bul/sc hold
bur move mar
con support bul/sc
den support kie
gre hold
hel move den
iri move eng
kie support den
gol move tys
mun support ber move kie
nap support ven move rom
nth support hel move den
pie move ven
pru support sil move ber
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum support bul/sc
ser move bud
sil move ber
ska support hel move den
smy hold
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys support rom move nap
ven move rom
vie move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army/dislodged kie
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
kie disband
nap move ion
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support tyr move ven
bal move ber
ber move mun
bot support fin move swe
bul/sc hold
con move smy
den move swe
eng move lon
fin move swe
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support bal move ber
gol move wes
mid hold
mar move pie
mun support bal move ber
nap support tys move rom
nth move eng
nwy support swe
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom support tyr move ven
rum hold
ser move gre
ska support den move swe
smy hold
stp/sc move fin
swe support nwy
tun support ion move tys
tyr move ven
tys move rom
vie support tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven move rom
ber support kie move bal
bot support fin move swe
bul/sc hold
con hold
den support kie move bal
fin move swe
gre hold
kie move bal
lon hold
mid move nat
mun support ber
nap support rom
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
pru move sil
rom support nap
ruh hold
rum hold
ser move tri
sil move boh
ska move nth
smy hold
stp/sc move fin
swe support nwy
tun support tys
tus move pie
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal move den
ber move bal
boh support sil move mun
bot move swe
den move ska
eng hold
fin support bot move swe
gre move bul/sc
kie move ber
lvp move iri
mun support kie move ber
nat hold
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
rom move tys
ruh support mun
rum move ser
sil move mun
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy
tri support ven
tun move wes
tus move ven
tys move nap
ven support apu move rom
vie move tyr
wes support rom move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support tys move nap
bal support den move swe
ber support mun move sil
boh move tyr
bot move bal
bul/sc support ser move gre
con hold
den move swe
eng move lon
fin hold
gre hold
iri move lvp
mun move sil
nat move lvp
nap support rom
nth support eng move lon
nwy move nrg
rom support nap
ruh move mun
ser move gre
sil move boh
ska support den move swe
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tun move tys
tus support rom
tys move nap
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre disband
lon move yor
sil move war
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove iri
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move pru
boh move vie
bot move swe
bul/sc move con
con move ank
fin move stp
gre move ser
kie move lvn via convoy
lon move yor
mar move gol
mun support sil
nap move apu
nrg move edi
pie support tus move ven
rom move tys
sev move rum
sil support ber move pru
ska support swe move nwy
smy hold
stp/sc move fin
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus move ven
tyr move pie
tys support ven move tus
ven move tus
wes support rom move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
apu support tys move nap
bal move den
con move aeg
fin support swe
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mun move tyr
nat move lvp
nap support rom
nth support nwy
nrg support edi
nwy support nth
pie support tus move ven
pru support sil move war
rom support nap
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move war
ska support nwy
smy hold
swe hold
tri move vie
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tri move vie
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie support rum move bud
war move mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
tys move tun
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army mar
build Army mos
remove nrg
build Army sev
remove tun
remove tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move mun
bud support vie move tri
con hold
den support ska move swe
edi hold
fin move nwy
ion move gre
lvn move war
lvp move cly
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth move nrg
nwy support ska move swe
pie move tyr
pru move sil
rom move nap
ser support vie move tri
sev move mos
ska move swe
smy hold
stp/sc move lvn
swe support fin move nwy
tri move bud
tys move ion
ukr support mos move war
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move tys
yor move nth
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bal
tri move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bal move kie
boh support gal move vie
bud hold
cly support nth move edi
den move kie
edi hold
gal move vie
ion support alb move gre
mos hold
mun support tyr
nap move ion
nth move edi
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pie move ven
ser hold
sil move ber
smy hold
stp/sc move lvn
swe move den
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
tys support nap move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tri
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
edi disband
ion move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal support fin move swe
bar support nwy move stp
ber support mun move sil
boh support vie
bud support gal move vie
cly move nat
con support aeg move smy
den support kie move bal
edi move cly
fin move swe
gal move vie
ion move gre
kie move bal
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move sil
nwy move stp/nc
par move gas
ser move tri
smy hold
stp/sc hold
swe move fin
tri move alb
tun move tys
tyr support ven move tri
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war hold
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move pru
smy disband
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
apu move ven
bal move swe
bar support stp/nc
ber move pru
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
bud move tri
cly move nat
con move bul/sc
den support bal move swe
fin support bot move stp
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre move bul/sc
lvn support stp/nc
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos support bot move stp
nat move mid
nap move ion
pru move ber
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
sil support ber move pru
smy hold
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support alb move ser
tun move tys
tyr support vie
vie support boh move gal
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: fleet/dislodged pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
pru move bal
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army par
remove rum
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move kie
bar support stp/nc
bot support fin move swe
bud move tri
con move bul/ec
den move bal
fin move swe
gal move war
ion support gre move aeg
kie hold
lvn support gal move war
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos hold
nat move mid
nwy support stp/nc
par move gas
pru support gal move war
ser move gre
sil support gal move war
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
swe support den move bal
tri move alb
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri move ser
bal move ber
bar support stp/nc
bot move stp/sc
bud hold
den support nwy move swe
gal move war
gas move mar
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
kie hold
lvn support war
gol move tys
mid convoy spa move naf
mar move gol
mos support gal move war
nwy move swe
pru support war
ser support aeg move gre
sil support vie move gal
ska support nwy move swe
spa move naf via convoy
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri move ser
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ukr support gal move war
ven move apu
vie move gal
war support vie move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ser move rum
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ser
apu hold
bar support stp/nc
bot support mos move stp
bud move vie
bul/ec move rum
con hold
den move bal
gal move vie
ion move eas
kie move ber
lvn support war
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
naf move tun
par move gas
pru support kie move ber
rum move bud
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move gal
ska move swe
swe move fin
tri support ser move bud
tun move naf
tys move ion
war support sil move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bar support stp/nc
bot hold
bud support ser move rum
bul/ec move bla
con move bla
eas move smy
fin support swe move bot
gal move ukr
ion move gre
lvn support war move mos
mos hold
pie move ven
pru move war
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev hold
sil move boh
swe move bot
tri move ser
tys move ion
ukr hold
war move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
