PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
par move gas
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den move nth
eng move lon
gal move rum
gas move spa
kie move hol
nap hold
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
rom move apu
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
spa move por
stp move mos
tyr move tri
ven move tyr
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bla hold
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
den move nth
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon support den move nth
mar move gol
nth support yor move lon
nwy hold
par move pic
por move spa
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser move tri
smy move eas
spa move mar
tri move ven
vie support bud move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
den move nth
eas move ion
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
hol support den move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
lon hold
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nth support yor move lon
nwy support nth
pic move wal via convoy
rum support arm move sev
sev move bla
spa move tus via convoy
tri move ven
ukr support gal move war
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war support mos move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army mun
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move con
con move bul
den support hol move nth
eng support hol move nth
gal move war
hol move nth
ion support tun move tys
kie move ber
lon support hol move nth
gol move wes
mos support war
mun move sil
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
pie support tus move ven
rom support ven
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move pru
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun move tys
tus move ven
ukr support gal move war
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war support mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
bel move yor via convoy
ber move mun
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move smy
den support nth
eng move mid
ion move tun
lon support bel move yor
lvn support mos
mos support pru move war
nth convoy bel move yor
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy support swe
pie support tus move ven
pru move war
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil support pru move war
ska move nwy
swe support nwy
tus move ven
tyr support ven move pie
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move pie
wal move lvp
war move lvn
wes move tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
England: army/dislodged yor
ORDERS
mos move stp
pie move mar
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove lvn
remove ska
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ber move pru
con move bul
edi hold
gal move war
ion move tun
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support tus move pie
mos support gal move war
mun support sil move boh
nth support yor move edi
nrg support edi
nwy support stp
pie support rom move tus
rom move tus
rum move gal
ser move bud
sil move boh
smy move eas
stp support nwy
swe move fin
tus move pie
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war support ber move pru
wes move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bud move tri
bul move rum
den move swe
eas move ion
edi hold
fin move swe
gal support war
lvn move war
lvp support yor move edi
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
nth support yor move edi
nrg support edi
nwy support stp
pie move tyr
pru support lvn move war
sev support mos
sil support lvn move war
stp support nwy
tun hold
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
ukr support war
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove cly
remove nrg
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
bud move tri
den move bal
edi move den via convoy
eng move bre
fin move bot
gal move boh
ion hold
lvn move war
lvp move yor
gol move pie
mar support pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp
pie hold
pru support lvn move war
rum hold
sev move ukr
sil support lvn move war
smy move eas
spa/sc support tys move gol
stp move fin
tri move ven
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven move apu
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
gol move wes
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal convoy den move lvn
boh move sil
bot support fin move stp
bre move mid
den move lvn via convoy
eas move ion
fin move stp
gal support ukr move war
ion move tys
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
nth move nwy
pie move tus
pru support war
rom support apu move nap
rum move ukr
sil support mun
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun support ion move tys
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move war
ven move tus
vie support boh
wes move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army con
build Army kie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal convoy den move lvn
ber support sil
boh support gal move sil
con move bul
den move lvn via convoy
fin move stp
gal move sil
ion move tun
kie move mun
gol move tus
mid move naf
mar support pie
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nap support tys
nwy move swe
pie support mun move tyr
pru move war
rom support ven move tus
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ven move tus
ukr move gal
ven move tus
vie support tyr
war support gal move sil
wes support mid move naf
yor move wal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move lvn
ber move sil
boh move mun
bul move rum
den move swe
fin support stp move nwy
gal support war
ion move tys
kie move ber
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid support wes move naf
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun support ber move sil
naf hold
nap support tys
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
swe move bot
tun support naf
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war support mos move lvn
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move mun
boh move mun
bot support kie move lvn
bur support ber move mun
fin support nwy move swe
gal support war
ion move tys
kie move lvn via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
gol support wes
mid move naf
mos move stp
mun move boh
naf support tys move wes
nap move rom
nwy move swe
pie hold
pru support kie move lvn
rom move apu
rum move ukr
sil support mun move boh
spa/sc support wes
tun support tys move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven support pie
war hold
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Turkey: army/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move mos
swe move den
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move swe
ber support sil
boh support gal move sil
bot support den move swe
bur support mun
den move swe
fin support swe
gal move sil
ion move tys
lvn move war
gol support wes
mid support wes
mos support stp
mun support sil
naf support tun move wes
pie hold
pru support lvn move war
rom move tus
sil support lvn move war
spa/sc support wes
stp hold
swe support fin
tun support tys move wes
tus move ven
tyr support pie
tys move wes
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support boh
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
