PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm support bul move sev
bla convoy bul move sev
bot hold
bud move ser
bul move sev via convoy
den move nth
eng move lon
gal support ukr move rum
ion move tun
kie move den
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
sev hold
tus move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm support sev
ber move bal
bla move rum
bot hold
bre move eng
bud move gal
con move bla
den move ska
eng move wal
gal move ukr
gre move ion
kie move ber
lon move eng
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap support tun move ion
nth support lon move eng
nwy move ska
par move pic
rum support mos move sev
ser support bla move rum
sev support bla move rum
spa move por
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus move pie
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
arm support sev
bal move swe
ber move pru
bla support ser move bul
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move rum
den support bal move swe
eng support lon
gal move vie
gre support ser move bul
lon move yor
mos hold
nap move apu
nth support lon move yor
nwy support bot move swe
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support bul move rum
wal move lvp
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove nwy
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move smy
bal move swe
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul support bla move con
bur move mar
con move smy
den support bal move swe
eng move wal
gre support adr move ion
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos move stp
nth move edi
par move gas
por move spa
pru move war
rum support sev
sev support rum
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr move mos
ven move apu
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army/dislodged con
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con disband
ion move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
bel move lon via convoy
bot move lvn
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move pic
con hold
den move nth
eng convoy bel move lon
gas support spa move mar
gre support ion
ion move nap
iri move wal
lvp hold
mar move pie
mos hold
rom move ven
rum move bla
sev move ukr
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move adr
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tri
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move bur
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove bur
build Army mun
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move rum via convoy
apu move nap
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move rum
con move aeg
edi hold
eng support iri move wal
gas move mar
gre move ion
ion move tys
iri move wal
lvn move bot
lvp hold
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move boh
nth move nwy
nwy move den
ser move tri
sev move mos
swe support nth move nwy
tri move ven
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tus
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bla hold
boh support tyr
bot move bal
edi move yor
eng support wal move lon
ion move tun
lon hold
lvp move wal
mar support pie
mos support ukr
nap move ion
nwy support swe
pie support tyr
pru support war
rom move apu
rum move gal
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move rom
tyr support pie
tys move gol
ukr support mos
ven support tus move rom
vie move boh
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
lon move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mun
remove nap
remove nth
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move sev via convoy
apu move nap
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move sil
bre move mid
eng support lon
fin move stp
gal support ukr move war
hol move kie
mar move spa
mos support ukr move war
mun support tyr
nwy move nth
pic move bur
pie support tyr
pru move lvn
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr hold
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lon
war hold
wes move mid
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla hold
boh move sil
bot support stp
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur move mar
eng move wal
gal support war
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon support eng move wal
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tun move wes
mos support war
mun support tyr
nth move yor
pie support bur move mar
pru support sil
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa support bur move mar
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr support pie
ven support tri move tyr
wal move lon
war hold
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army/dislodged wal
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
wal move lvp
wes move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
build Army con
remove naf
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla convoy con move rum
boh move sil
bre move mid
con move rum via convoy
edi move yor
gal support war
lon move yor
lvn support sil move war
lvp hold
gol support wes move spa
mar support spa
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
pic move bur
pie support tyr move ven
pru support sil move war
rom move tus
sev support mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa support mar
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move ven
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lvp
war hold
wes move spa/sc
yor move nth
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh support gal move sil
edi hold
gal move sil
lon move yor
lvn support stp move mos
lvp hold
gol support wes move spa
mar support spa
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nap move rom
nth support lon move yor
pie support ven
pru support war
rum support gal
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa support mar
stp move mos
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support mos
ven hold
wal move lvp
war support stp move mos
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
mid move por
sil move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bla
remove bud
build Army kie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh support sil move mun
bur move par
edi hold
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
lvp support edi
gol move pie
mid move bre
mar support pie
mos hold
mun support ven move tyr
nth support yor move edi
pie support mar
por support spa
pru support ber move sil
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa support por
stp move mos
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
tyr support sil move mun
ukr support mos
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
war support ber move sil
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nrg
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
bre hold
gal support boh
kie support mun
lvn support pru move war
lvp hold
mar support pie
mos hold
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move bre
pie support mar
por support spa
pru move war
rom move nap
sev support mos
sil support war move gal
spa support por
stp move mos
tun move wes
tus move rom
ukr support mos
ven support tyr
vie support gal
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nrg
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bre hold
gal support boh
kie support mun
lvn move pru
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa
mar move gas
mos hold
mun support sil
nap support rom move apu
nth move hol
pru move ber
rom move apu
sev support mos
sil support war
smy move aeg
stp move mos
ukr support mos
ven support tyr
vie support gal
war support sil
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move mar
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
ber move kie
bre hold
edi move yor
gal support boh
gas move bre
kie move den
lvp hold
mid move por
mar support pie
mos hold
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par support gas move bre
pie support mar
por move mid
pru move ber
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move mos
tri support tyr
ukr support gal
vie support gal
wal move lvp
war move pru
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
bre support par
gal support ukr move war
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvp hold
mid move eng
mar support pie
mos hold
mun support ber move sil
par support bre
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru support ber move sil
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev support mos
spa/sc support por
stp move mos
tri support tyr
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie support boh
wal move lvp
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bre support par
bud move gal
eng move lon
gal move ukr
hol move bel
kie move ber
lvp hold
gol move mar
mid move eng
mar support pie
mos hold
mun support sil
par support bre
pie support mar
pru support sil
ruh move hol
sev support mos
sil support pru
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp hold
tri support tyr
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
vie support boh
wal move lvp
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
mar move bur
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support mun
bre support par
bud support gal
eng move nth
gal support war
hol support bel
kie move hel
lvp hold
gol move wes
mid move nat
mos move lvn
mun hold
par support bre
pru support sil move war
sev move mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp hold
tri support tyr
ukr support sev move mos
vie support boh
wal support yor move lon
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move eng
ber support mun
boh support gal move sil
bre support par
bud move ser
den move swe
gal move sil
hel move nth
hol move bel
lon move wal
lvn support mos move stp
lvp hold
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support sil
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
par support bre
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support sil
sil support mun
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie support tyr
wal move iri
war support lvn
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move lon via convoy
ber support mun
con hold
eng convoy bel move lon
hel move hol
ion hold
lvn support war
mun support sil
nth hold
nrg support nth
pru support sil
sil support pru
stp hold
swe move den
ukr hold
war support lvn
wes hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
