PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
kie move mun
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ruh support kie move mun
rum hold
ser move tri
tri move vie
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven support tyr move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
bar support nwy
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur move mar
con support bul
den move nth
gre move alb
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support ruh
nap move ion
nth move ska
nwy hold
par move bur
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
ser move bud
sev support rum
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support ser move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move ser
bar move nwy
bud support adr move tri
bul support alb move ser
bur support bel
den support swe
gal move bud
hol hold
ion move adr
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support ruh
nwy move swe
por support gol move spa
ruh support hol
rum hold
sev hold
ska support nwy move swe
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
ven support tri
vie support adr move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove bar
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bla hold
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur support bel
con move bul
den support kie move hel
fin move nwy
gal support tri move vie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tys
kie move hel
mar support bur
mos support stp
mun hold
nth support fin move nwy
nwy support swe
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move rum
ska support fin move nwy
smy move aeg
spa/sc support bre move mid
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri support ser move bud
ven move tyr
vie support bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
bla hold
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
bur support bel
con move bul
den support hel move nth
fin move swe
gal move bud
hel move nth
hol move bel
mid move wes
mar support bur
mos support stp
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
ruh support hol move bel
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move rum
ska support fin move swe
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys move gol
vie move tri
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
nth move lon
swe disband
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
remove por
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh move bur
boh move gal
bul move ser
bur support mar
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nth
kie move hel
lon support edi move nth
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
nth move eng
pic move bel
pie move gol
ruh move bur
ser move bud
ska move den
spa/sc move gol
swe support ska move den
tri support ser move bud
tun support gol move tys
ven move tri
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
den move kie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
boh move mun
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur move gas
den hold
eng move mid
hel support kie move den
kie move den
lon support nth
gol support mar
mun hold
nth support lon
par hold
pic move bre
pie move gol
ser support bul move rum
swe support den
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tys support pie move gol
ven move adr
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Army con
build Army edi
remove gas
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
con move bul
den move bal
edi move den via convoy
eng move wal
gal move war
hel move den
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie support hel move den
lon support nth
gol support tys move wes
mar support par move bur
mun support kie
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
rum move ukr
ser move tri
spa/sc move mid
swe support nth move den
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel support mun move bur
bla move con
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den support kie
edi move lvp
ion move tys
kie support den
lon hold
gol move pie
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun move bur
nth move den
sev support ukr move mos
spa/sc support mid move wes
swe support nth move den
tri move tyr
tun support wes
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr move mos
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war support ukr move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
den support kie
edi move lvp
gal move war
kie support den
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
nth support pic move bel
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum move ser
sev move ukr
spa/sc support mar
swe move den
tri move vie
tun move naf
tyr move tri
tys support wes
wal move lvp
war move lvn
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bur move bel
con move bul
den support kie
edi move lvp
hol support bur move bel
kie support den
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
naf support wes
nth move den
par move bur
pie move mar
ser move bud
smy move con
spa/sc support mar
swe support nth move den
ukr move gal
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army ven
remove wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber move pru
bel support hol move ruh
ber move pru
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support swe
gal move boh
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move iri
gol support wes move spa
mid move eng
mos move lvn
naf move mid
par move pic
spa/sc move mar
swe support den
tys move wes
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army/dislodged pru
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move sil
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel support ruh move bur
ber support bal
boh move mun
con move bul
den support swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
iri support eng move mid
lvn support sil move pru
gol move wes
mid move por
mar move gol
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
por support eng move mid
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ruh move bur
ser move bud
sil move pru
spa/sc support mid move por
swe support edi move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den move bal
gre move tus via convoy
ion convoy gre move tus
iri support mid
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mid move spa/nc
mar move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nth move den
nwy support swe move fin
pic hold
pie move mar
por support spa/sc move mid
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
swe move fin
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys convoy gre move tus
ven move tus
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move bre
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bul move rum
den move kie
eng move iri
fin support nwy move stp
gre move tus via convoy
hol support pic move bel
ion convoy gre move tus
iri move nat
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos support stp
mun support sil move ber
naf support wes move mid
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
ruh move kie
ser move bud
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tys convoy gre move tus
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
boh move sil
bot support nwy move stp
bud move vie
den move kie
eng move iri
fin support nwy move stp
gas move par
hol hold
ion move tys
iri move nat
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support spa/sc move mid
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por support spa/sc move mid
pru hold
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum move gal
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
tus move pie
tys move gol
ven move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber move kie
bot convoy fin move lvn
bre move gas
bur support gas move par
eng move iri
fin move lvn via convoy
gal move ukr
gas move par
hol support kie
kie move ber
lvn support mos
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun support ber move kie
nat move iri
ruh support ber move kie
sil move ber
stp support fin move lvn
tys move wes
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move kie
bot move bal
bre move gas
bur support gas move par
den move kie
eng move mid
fin support stp
gas move par
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mid move gas
nat move mid
par support bre
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
ruh support kie move hol
stp support fin
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bel support hol
ber move kie
bur support ruh move bel
den move kie
eng support bre
fin support stp
hol support den move kie
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
mid move gas
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
nat move mid
par move pic
pic support bel
por move spa/nc
ruh move bel
spa/sc move por
stp support fin
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move mun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove hol
build Army rom
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
bur move pic
edi move nth
eng support bre
fin support stp
gas move bre
kie move ber
mos support lvn
mun support ber move kie
naf support por move mid
par support gas move bre
pic support bre
por move mid
ruh move hol
spa/sc support por move mid
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel support hol
ber move kie
bur move pic
eng support bre
gas move bre
hol support bel
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
lvn support mos
mid support gas move bre
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun support ber move kie
nat move mid
nth support kie move hol
par support gas move bre
pic support bre
pru support ber
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
mid move spa/nc
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove nth
remove pic
build Army smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support bur move pic
bre hold
bur move pic
con move aeg
gas support por move mid
hol support bel
kie support sil move ber
lvn support pru
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support kie
naf support por move mid
par support bur move pic
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support lvn
sev support mos
sil move ber
spa/nc support por move mid
ukr move war
ven move pie
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support pic
ber support kie
bre hold
bur move ruh
gas move bre
hol support bel
kie move den
gol move tys
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support kie
naf support mid
par support gas move bre
pic support gas move bre
pie move mar
pru support lvn
rom hold
sev support mos
spa/nc support mid
tyr move boh
tys move ion
war move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
lvn support mos move stp
mid support bre move eng
mos move stp
naf move mid
sev support mos
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Italy: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Italy: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move gal
eng support mid move iri
mid move iri
naf move mid
sev move ukr
spa/nc move gas
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move lvp
ber support kie
eng move nth
gas move bre
ion convoy smy move lvp
iri convoy smy move lvp
mid convoy smy move lvp
rom move tus
smy move lvp via convoy
tys convoy smy move lvp
ven move adr
wes convoy smy move lvp
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bre move eng
ion move tun
iri move nat
kie move den
mid move iri
nap move tys
nth support kie move den
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army smy
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
den move swe
eng convoy pic move lon
gal move war
ion move tys
iri move nat
nat move nrg
nth move ska
pic move lon
tun move ion
tys move gol
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move nth
nat move cly
nrg move nwy
ska move swe
stp support swe move fin
swe move fin
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move swe
swe move bot
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bot support swe move bal
cly move edi
hol move den via convoy
nth convoy hol move den
swe move bal
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bal
England: fleet/dislodged bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bal
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
