PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move swe
bul hold
con move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move vie
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
mun hold
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
rum hold
ser support tri
smy move con
spa move por
tri hold
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel move ruh
ber move bal
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
gal move boh
hol hold
kie move den
lon move den via convoy
mar move bur
mun hold
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move den
nrg support nwy
par move pic
por move spa
rum move bul/ec
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc move gol
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
apu move ion
bal move den
boh support mun
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur support ruh
eng hold
fin support swe
hol hold
ion move alb
kie support bal move den
lon move den via convoy
gol hold
mun support boh
nth convoy lon move den
nrg support nwy
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum move bla
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
smy move gre via convoy
spa move mar
swe support bal move den
tri hold
tyr support mun
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support ser move bul
boh support mun
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur support ruh
con move rum
den move ska
eng support nth
fin support swe move nwy
gre support bul move ser
hol support nth move bel
ion support alb move gre
kie move den
gol hold
mar move spa
mun hold
nth support bel move hol
nrg support nwy
ruh support bel move hol
ser move bul
smy move ank
swe move nwy
tri hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul disband
hol move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
bla support bul
boh move mun
bud move ser
bul support alb move gre
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
den hold
eng move nth
fin move stp
gre move bul
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie support hel move hol
lon move hol via convoy
gol hold
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
ruh support hol move kie
sev move arm
sil support boh move mun
ska move nwy
spa hold
swe support ska move nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army/dislodged hol
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move arm
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla support arm move ank
boh move tyr
bud move rum
bul hold
bur support ruh
con move bul
den hold
eng support nth
fin support nwy
gre support bul
hol hold
ion move adr
kie support hol
gol hold
mun support boh move tyr
nap move ion
nth support bel move hol
nrg support nth
nwy hold
ruh support bel move hol
ser support bul
sil support mun
spa move gas
swe move ska
tri hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
hol move hel
tyr move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support mun
bla support ank
bul hold
bur move mun
den support kie
eng support nrg move nth
fin support nwy
gas move mar
gre support ion move aeg
hel move hol
hol support ruh move kie
ion move aeg
kie support hel move hol
gol move mar
mun support tyr
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy support ska move nth
pie support ven
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser support bul
sil move boh
ska move nth
tri hold
tyr support sil move boh
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
ber support mun
bla support ank move con
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul support aeg move con
bur move bel
den support kie
eng support nth
fin move stp
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie support mun
gol move mar
mun support kie
nwy support ska move nth
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
ska move nth
tri hold
tyr support boh move vie
ven support pie move tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank move sev
bel support hol
ber support mun
bla support ank move sev
bud move gal
bul support aeg move con
bur move mun
den support kie
eas move smy
eng support nth
gas move spa
hol hold
kie support mun
lon move nwy via convoy
mun support kie
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
nwy support ska move nth
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
sev move mos
tri move adr
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move swe
smy move syr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Army rom
remove ska
remove syr
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move con
ank move sev
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bla support ank move sev
bud move vie
bul support aeg move con
bur move mun
con move bul
den support kie
gal move war
hol support ruh move kie
kie support mun
lon move den via convoy
gol move wes
mos move sev
mun support kie
nth convoy lon move den
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
rom support ven
ruh move kie
rum move sev
smy support aeg move con
spa hold
swe support den
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank support bla move con
ber support mun move kie
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bul support con
bur support kie move mun
den support mun move kie
eng move bel
hol move kie
kie move mun
lon move nwy via convoy
mos support nwy move stp
mun move kie
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
ruh support kie move mun
rum move sev
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp hold
swe support den
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie move gal
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
aeg move ion
bar move nrg
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con move ank
den move kie
gal move sil
gas move mar
hol move ruh
kie support ruh move mun
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move gol
mos hold
mun support den move kie
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move fin
rom support tyr move ven
ruh move mun
sev move rum
stp support nwy move fin
swe move den
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
ber move mun
bla move con
boh support ber move mun
bul move rum
bur support mun
den support kie
fin move swe
hol move kie
kie support ber move mun
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun support hol move kie
nth move den
nwy support stp
pie support ven
rom support ven
ruh support mun
sev move rum
sil support ber move mun
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support ber move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove bla
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
ank move con
ber move bal
boh move tyr
bul hold
bur move bel
con move smy
den support kie
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie support den
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support kie
nap support gre move ion
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy support stp
par move bur
pie support ven
rom support ven
ruh move mun
sev move rum
sil support mun
swe support nth move den
tri move alb
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ven hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
ion move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb hold
bal support hel move den
bar support stp
bel move hol
bul hold
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie support hel move den
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support kie
nap hold
nth support den
nwy support swe
ruh support hol move kie
rum move gal
sil hold
smy move aeg
swe support den
tri hold
tun support tys
tyr support mun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
pie move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
apu support aeg move ion
bar support stp
ber support mun
bul hold
bur move mun
den move bal
gal move war
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move fin
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support mun
tys support mar move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move adr
bal convoy swe move ber
bar move nwy
ber support mun
bur move mun
den support kie
fin support stp
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie support swe move ber
lvn hold
mos support lvn
mun support ber
pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sil support ber
swe move ber via convoy
tri move vie
tus move rom
tyr support mun
tys support tus move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bal support swe move lvn
ber support mun
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
fin support stp
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move hel
lvn hold
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nwy move ska
pie move ven
pru support ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tri move ven
tyr support mun
tys move nap
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move bul/sc
bal move bot
boh support tyr move mun
bul hold
bur move mun
con move smy
den move swe
eas move smy
fin support stp
gre support aeg move bul
hel support kie
kie support bur move mun
lvn hold
gol move tys
mos support lvn
nap move apu
pie move ven
pru support sil move ber
rom support pie move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sil move ber
ska move den
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move rum
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu support rom move ven
ber hold
boh support tyr
bot convoy swe move lvn
den move bal
eas move aeg
fin support stp
hel move kie
kie move ber
lvn hold
mar move gol
mos support lvn
mun support pie move tyr
nap move ion
nwy move swe
par move bur
pru support ber
rom move ven
ruh support mun
rum move gal
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support ven
tyr hold
tys support nap move ion
ven hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move smy
apu support rom move ven
bal convoy swe move ber
ber hold
boh support gal move sil
bot support stp move lvn
bul/sc support gre
bur move mun
con move smy
fin support nwy move stp
gal move sil
gre hold
hel move hol
ion move alb
kie support swe move ber
lvn hold
gol move tys
mos support lvn
mun support swe move ber
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
pru support ber
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
stp move lvn
swe move ber via convoy
tri move ven
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ven support tyr move pie
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move con
alb move tri
apu move ven
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh support sil
bur support kie move mun
fin support stp
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move mun
lon move den via convoy
lvn hold
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move swe
pie support mun move tyr
pru support lvn
rom support apu move ven
ruh support kie move mun
sil move ber
stp hold
tri support adr move alb
tyr support ven
tys move tus
ven hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
France: fleet/dislodged alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
tyr move vie
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move smy
alb support tri
ber move pru
boh move tyr
bot convoy swe move lvn
bur move mun
fin support stp
ion move alb
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun move sil
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move apu
ruh support bur move mun
sil support pru move ber
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tri hold
tus move tys
tyr move vie
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Austria: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
France: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move war
tri move bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu hold
bal convoy den move pru
ber support den move pru
boh support sil move mun
bot support lvn
bre move gas
bur move mar
den move pru via convoy
fin support stp
ion support tri move alb
lvn support den move pru
mar move gol
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
sil move mun
smy move aeg
stp support lvn
tri move alb
tyr move tri
ven move adr
vie support alb move tri
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg support mar move gre
alb support gre
apu move alb
bal convoy fin move pru
ber support fin move pru
boh move tyr
bot convoy fin move pru
bur support mun
fin move pru via convoy
gas move mar
ion convoy mar move gre
lvn move mos
gol convoy mar move gre
mos support war
pie move ven
pru move war
sil support war
stp support lvn move mos
tri support apu move alb
tyr move vie
tys convoy mar move gre
vie support boh move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
tyr move pie
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support mar move gre
alb move ser
bal support fin move lvn
ber move sil
bot convoy fin move lvn
bud move rum
bur move mun
fin move lvn via convoy
gas move mar
ion convoy mar move gre
lon move den via convoy
gol convoy mar move gre
mar move gre
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move den
pie move tyr
pru support ber move sil
ruh support bur move mun
sev move arm
sil support war
stp support mos
tyr move boh
tys convoy mar move gre
ven support tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sil move gal
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg convoy mar move smy
arm move ank
bal convoy den move pru
bot support lvn
bud move ser
bur move mun
den move pru via convoy
gal support war
gre support ser
ion convoy mar move smy
lvn support pru move war
gol convoy mar move smy
mar move smy
mos move sev
mun move boh
pie move ven
pru move war
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser hold
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tri move alb
tyr move vie
tys convoy mar move smy
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
remove rum
remove ukr
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre move bul
ank support aeg move con
boh support tri move vie
bud support vie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
gre move bul
ion convoy mar move gre
lvn support pru move war
gol convoy mar move gre
mar move gre
mos support war move ukr
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pru move war
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
smy move con
tri move vie
tys convoy mar move gre
ven move tri
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
boh move vie
bud support gal move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move mun
gal move rum
gre move ser
lon move den via convoy
lvn move mos
mos move sev
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
ruh move bel
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil support war move gal
smy support aeg move con
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
