PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos hold
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bul hold
con move bla
hol move bel
kie move hol
mid move por
mos hold
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
ser support bla move rum
spa move mar
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr move rum
vie move tri
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla move con
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul support ser move rum
con support bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move ruh
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move swe
par support bre move pic
pie move mar
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tun hold
tys move wes
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support con
arm move ank
bel move pic
bla support arm move ank
bul move con
bur move gas
con support ank
den support swe
eng move mid
gre hold
lon move nwy via convoy
gol support spa move mar
mid move spa/sc
mos move war
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg move bar
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move ven
ruh move bur
rum support bul
sil move gal
ska move swe
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
swe support lon move nwy
tri move ven
tun move rom via convoy
tys convoy tun move rom
ven move rom
wes support tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support ruh move bur
bla move rum
bud move gal
bul support ank move con
con move ank
den support swe
edi move nrg
gal move boh
gas support mid move spa
gre move aeg
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support par move gas
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move gas
pic move bre
pie move ven
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ska move nwy
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move bar
swe support nth move ska
tri move tyr
tys move rom
ven move rom
vie support bud move gal
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move pic
bla move rum
boh move mun
bre move par
bul move ser
bur support bel move pic
con move ank
den move swe
edi move nth
gal support vie move boh
gas support bre move par
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
nrg support ska move nwy
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
rum move bla
ska move nwy
smy move con
stp move mos
swe move bot
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
remove gas
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
bre move mid
bur support pic move par
con move bul/sc
gal move sil
lon move den
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun support sil move boh
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
par support mar move bur
pic move par
por move mid
rom support wes move tys
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move mos
sil move boh
smy support ank move con
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn
tus hold
tyr support boh move mun
ven hold
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
con move aeg
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move nrg
ber support boh move sil
bla support con
boh move sil
bot move bal
bur move par
con hold
den move kie
gal support vie move boh
lvn move mos
mar move bur
mos hold
mun support boh move sil
nth move bel
nwy move nth
par support mar move bur
pic support bur move par
por move mid
rom move tus
ser move gre
sil support vie move boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc support por move mid
stp support lvn move mos
tri move tyr
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par move gas
sil move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
remove par
remove ser
build Army sev
remove spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bre support mid move eng
bur move par
con move aeg
edi move nwy
gal move sil
gas support mid move bre
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move hol
lvn move pru
mid move bre
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
pru support gal move sil
sev move ukr
sil support mun
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven support tus move pie
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
boh move sil
con support smy move aeg
eng move bel
gal support boh move sil
gre hold
hol support bal move kie
kie move den
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mos support war
nth convoy nwy move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move den
pic move par
pie move mar
pru support boh move sil
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tyr support mar move pie
ukr support mos
ven move tri
war support boh move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
pie move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove pic
remove pru
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Army sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support edi move hol
ber support lvn move pru
bre move mid
con move bul/sc
edi move hol via convoy
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion support aeg move gre
kie move bal
lon move yor
lvn move pru
mar move gol
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move ven
rom move ven
sev support mos
sil move boh
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tus move pie
tyr move tri
ukr move war
ven move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
apu move ven
bal support hol move kie
bel move eng
ber support ruh move mun
boh move mun
bud move ser
bur move mun
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move tun
lvn move pru
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nat
nwy support stp
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom support tus
ruh move mun
ser support ven move tri
sev move rum
stp hold
tus support mar move pie
tyr move tri
ven move tri
war support lvn move pru
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Army sev
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu support rom move ven
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel move bur
ber move pru
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur move par
eng support nat move mid
gre hold
kie move lvn
lon move hol
gol move spa/sc
mos support pru move lvn
mun support pie move tyr
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move fin
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
sil support ber move pru
stp support kie move lvn
tri support rom move ven
tun move ion
tyr move tri
war support pru move lvn
wes support bre move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
apu move ion
bal support stp move lvn
boh move gal
bre support wes move mid
bud move rum
bul support alb move gre
bur move mar
eng move bre
fin move stp
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn move pru
mos support war
nat move mid
nth move eng
pru support sil move war
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move war
spa/sc move mar
stp move lvn
tri support ven
tyr move pie
ven support tri
vie support boh move gal
war support lvn move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army rom
build Army sev
remove vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bre support wes move mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move gas
eng move iri
gal move rum
gre move ion
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lvn move mos
mos support war
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nth move eng
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move tus
ruh move bur
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil support pru move war
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tri move adr
tun move tys
ven hold
war support bud move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bre support mid
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move par
den move nth
eng support gas move bre
gal move ukr
gas move bre
ion move tun
iri support eng
lvn support stp move mos
mid hold
mar move gas
mos support ukr move war
mun move boh
nat move mid
par support bre
ruh move bur
sev support mos
sil support war
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun move wes
tus support ven move pie
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move pie
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lon
remove pic
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh move gal
bre move par
bud support rum move gal
bur support bre move par
edi move bel via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move bre
ion move tys
iri support nat move mid
lon move pic via convoy
lvn support war
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mos hold
nat move mid
nth convoy edi move bel
par support gas move bre
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh support bur
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil support boh move gal
spa/sc support mid
stp move mos
tun move naf
tus move pie
ukr support mos
ven move tyr
vie support rum move gal
war support boh move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
par move gas
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support bur
boh support ruh move mun
bud support rum move gal
bur support par
eng move iri
iri move nat
lvn support war
gol support wes move spa
mid move bre
mar support wes move spa
mos hold
naf move mid
nth move eng
par support mid move bre
pic support mid move bre
pie support mar
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil support boh
stp move mos
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support mos
ven move tri
vie support rum move gal
war support stp move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
