PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
eng hold
hol support bur move bel
kie move den
mun move boh
nth move nwy
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
tus move pie
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bre move mid
bul move rum
con move aeg
edi move nth
eng support hol move nth
gal move ukr
gre move alb
hol move nth
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move tys
pie hold
rum move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
smy move arm
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move bud
tun move wes
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal move lon via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
arm move sev
bal support den move swe
bel move lon via convoy
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
den move swe
edi move nth
eng convoy bel move lon
gal move boh
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar hold
mos move ukr
nth support bel move lon
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rum support arm move sev
ser support aeg move gre
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tyr support boh move vie
tys move gol
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bal move bot
bel hold
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move iri
gre move ion
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nwy move swe
pie support ven move tyr
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser support rum
sev support rum move ukr
ska move den
smy move aeg
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
war move mos
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ukr move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move wal via convoy
bla move rum
bot move stp/sc
bul support ser
den hold
edi support lon move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
ion move adr
iri support bel move wal
kie support nth move den
lon move nth
mid move nat
mar support spa/sc
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
nth move den
nwy move swe
rum move gal
ser hold
sev support ukr move mos
spa/sc support mar
swe move nwy
tri support vie
ukr move mos
vie support tri
wal move lvp
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
mos move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Army mun
remove nwy
remove rom
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support bud move tri
bal move ber
ber move bal
boh move gal
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den move nth
edi move nth
eng support wal move lon
gal move war
ion move tys
iri support nat move lvp
kie move hol
lvp move yor
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa/sc
mos support gal move war
nat move lvp
nth move hol
pie move mar
rum move bla
ser support bud
sev move ukr
spa/sc support mar
swe move nwy
tri support bud move ser
ven support bud move tri
vie support bud
wal move lon
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber hold
bul move rum
den move swe
edi support lvp move yor
eng move bel
gal move bud
gas support spa/sc move mar
iri move mid
kie move hol
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos support war
mun support ber
nth move yor
pru move swe via convoy
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
spa/sc move mar
stp/sc hold
tri support ven
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war support ukr move gal
wes support gol move spa
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move boh
mar move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Army par
remove pru
build Fleet rom
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber move pru
bla convoy con move sev
boh support vie
bul move rum
con move sev via convoy
edi move nrg
gal move sil
gas move spa
hol move kie
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mid move por
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move ion
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
spa/sc move por
swe move bal
tri support ven
tyr support vie
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie support tyr
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh support vie
bud support gal move vie
bur support gas move mar
cly move nat
gal move vie
gas move mar
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa
mun move sil
nth support yor move edi
nrg move nat
rum support bud
sev move mos
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support gal
vie support tyr move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove nrg
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
boh support sil
bot support nwy move stp
bre move mid
bud support gal move vie
bur move mar
cly move nat
con move bul
edi move cly
gal move vie
ion move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy move stp
par move gas
pru support ber move lvn
rum move gal
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri support gal move vie
tus move pie
tyr support vie
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support tyr
war support gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bla convoy bul move sev
boh move gal
bud support gal
bul move sev via convoy
bur move mar
cly move naf via convoy
gal support war
gas move spa
ion move gre
lvn move war
mid convoy cly move naf
mar move pie
mos support war
nat convoy cly move naf
nth hold
sil support lvn move war
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus move gol
tyr support boh
tys support tus move gol
ukr support war
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war support mos
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
bla move con
boh move vie
bot support lvn
bud move gal
gal move boh
gas move spa
ion support tun
lvn move war
gol support tys move wes
mid support wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nat move iri
nth hold
pie move tus
rom move tus
ser move bud
sev support mos
sil move gal
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tun support tys move wes
tyr support gal move boh
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie support gal move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move gal
con move aeg
gas move spa
gre move ion
ion move tys
iri move eng
lvn move war
gol support rom move tus
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar support gas move spa
mun support pie move tyr
naf move tun
nth move bel
pie move tyr
pru support lvn
rom move tus
ser move rum
sev support mos
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tun support wes
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven support tyr
vie support tyr
war move sil
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel move nth
ber move sil
boh support ber move sil
bre move gas
bud support vie
eng hold
gal move war
ion move tun
kie move lvn via convoy
gol support tun move wes
mid support wes
mar move pie
mun support tyr
naf move tun
pru move ber
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support mar move pie
tys support tun move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support mun
boh move tyr
bud move vie
eng move mid
gal support vie move boh
gas support mid move spa
ion move tun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tus move pie
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
naf move tun
nth hold
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa move por
stp move mos
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
ber support mun
bot move lvn
bre move eng
bur move mar
con move bul
gal support sil
gas support spa/sc
kie support mun
lvn move pru
gol support pie move mar
mid support naf
mar move gol
mun hold
naf hold
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move bal
sev support mos
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp move mos
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr support war
vie support boh
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber support mun
boh support sil
bot support lvn
bul move ser
bur support spa/sc move mar
eng support mid
gal support sil
gas move spa/nc
kie support mun
lvn support pru
gol move wes
mid support gol move wes
mun hold
naf move tun
nth move hel
por support gas move spa
pru move sil
sev support mos
sil move pru
spa/sc move mar
stp move mos
tun support wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tus move gol
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support sil move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn move pru
ber support lvn move pru
boh support pru move sil
bot move lvn
bur support mar
eng support spa/nc move mid
gal support pru move sil
hel hold
kie move ruh
lvn move pru
mid move spa/sc
mar support wes move gol
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
por support mid move spa
pru move sil
sev support mos
spa/nc move mid
stp support bot move lvn
vie support pru move boh
war support pru move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber support mun
boh support sil
bur support mun
eng move mid
gal support vie
ion support tys
lvn hold
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun hold
naf move tun
pie support tyr
por move spa
pru hold
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support boh
spa/nc move gas
stp support lvn
tyr support pie
tys support ion
ukr support war
ven support pie
war support sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn
ber support pru
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
gal support boh
gas move mid
hel hold
ion support tys
kie support mun
lvn hold
gol support wes
mid move spa/sc
mar support gol
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
pie support tyr
pru hold
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa move por
stp move mos
tus move gol
tys support tun
ukr support mos
ven support pie
war support sil
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn
ber support pru
boh support sil move mun
bur move bel
gal move vie
hel move hol
ion move nap
kie support mun
lvn hold
gol move tys
mid convoy por move gas
mar support spa/sc move gol
mun hold
naf support wes move tun
pie support tyr
por move gas via convoy
pru hold
ruh support mun
ser move gre
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tus support pie
tys support ion move nap
ukr move gal
ven support pie
vie move tri
war support sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove tyr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support mun
bre move eng
con move bul
gas move mar
hol support bel
ion move nap
kie support mun
lvn support pru
gol support tun move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support ven move rom
par move bur
pie move ven
pru support lvn
ruh support mun
sil support boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move mos
tri support vie move tyr
tun move tys
tys move rom
ven move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move tus
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move apu
bel support hol
ber support mun
boh move mun
bul move apu via convoy
bur support mun
eng move nth
gas move mar
hol support bel
ion convoy bul move apu
kie move hol
lvn support pru
gol support tun move tus
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun hold
pru support lvn
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bud
sil support war move pru
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move tus via convoy
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys convoy tun move tus
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: fleet/dislodged pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move bal
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support gre move nap
bal support ber
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bud move tri
bur support mun
con move bul
gas move mar
gre move nap via convoy
hol move hel
ion convoy gre move nap
kie support mun
lvn move stp/sc
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move apu
nth support bel
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil move mun
smy move eas
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
ven support rom move tus
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move apu
apu move rom
bal support ber
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bul move apu via convoy
bur support mun
eas support ion
gal support sil
hel move nth
ion convoy bul move apu
kie move hol
lvn move stp/sc
gol convoy mar move rom
mar move rom via convoy
mos move stp
mun hold
nap support apu move rom
nth move ska
pie support tus
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tus support mar move rom
tyr move vie
tys convoy mar move rom
ven support rom move tus
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
remove pie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal convoy kie move pru
bel move swe via convoy
ber support kie move pru
boh move mun
bur support mun
eas support ion
gal support sil
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move pru via convoy
lvn support kie move pru
gol support tus
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
nap support rom
nth convoy bel move swe
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
ska convoy bel move swe
tun move ion
tus support mar move pie
tys support tus
ven support rom move tus
vie move tyr
wes support tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven
bal support pru move ber
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bul move ser
bur support mun
eas support ion
gal move war
kie support pru move ber
lvn move bot
gol support tus
mos move stp
nap move rom
nth move bel
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support ber move mun
ska move nth
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri support tyr
tun support tys move ion
tus hold
tyr support ber move mun
tys move ion
ven move pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move rom
bal move pru
bel support nth
ber move sil
boh move mun
bot convoy fin move lvn
bur support mun
con move bul
eas support ion
fin move lvn via convoy
kie support mun
gol support tus
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber move sil
nap support rom
nth support bel
pie move ven
rom move tus
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil move ber
stp support fin move lvn
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move pie
tys support tun move ion
ven support tyr move pie
war move lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support mun move sil
boh support sil
bot convoy fin move lvn
bud move gal
bur support kie move mun
eas support ion
fin move lvn via convoy
ion move tys
kie move mun
gol support tus
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
mun move sil
nap support rom
pie move tus
pru support fin move lvn
rom support pie move tus
ruh support kie move mun
sil move pru
stp support fin move lvn
tun move ion
tus support mar move pie
tys support tus
ven support pie move tus
war move lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mar
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move ven
ber support sil
boh move sil
bot convoy fin move lvn
bul move rum
bur support mun
con move bul
eas move ion
fin move lvn via convoy
gal support boh move sil
ion move tys
gol move tus
mar support pie
mun support sil
pie support gol move tus
pru support fin move lvn
rom support ion move tys
sil hold
stp support fin move lvn
tri move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tus support ven move pie
tys move ion
ven move pie
war support boh move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move pru
boh move sil
bot support lvn
bul move ser
bur support mun
gal support war
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn move war
gol move tus
mar support pie
mun support sil
nth hold
pie support gol move tus
pru move bal
rom support tus
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev support mos
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support gol move tus
ven support tus
war support boh move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support rom
bal move den
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move sil
bur support mun
con move bul
eas support ion
gal support war
lvn move war
mar support pie
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
nth hold
pie support tus
pru support ber move sil
rom support ven move tus
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sev support mos
sil move boh
stp move mos
tun support tys move ion
tus support wes move tys
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr support war
ven move tus
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven
bel hold
ber support sil
boh move tyr
bot support lvn
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
den move hel
eas support ion
gal support war
ion move tys
lvn move war
mar support pie
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth move hol
pie support mun move tyr
pru support sil
rom support ion move tys
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil hold
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus support tys
tyr support boh
tys support tus
ukr support war
ven support rom
war support mos move lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move stp
tyr move tri
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bre
remove eas
build Army par
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ven
bel move eng
ber support sil
boh move sil
bre move pic
bur move ruh
gal support war
hol move nth
ion hold
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun support tyr move boh
nap support rom
par move bur
pie move ven
pru support mos move lvn
rom hold
ser move rum
sev support lvn move mos
sil support tyr move boh
stp support mos move lvn
tri move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tus move rom
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr support lvn move mos
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war support boh move sil
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ven
ber move sil
boh move gal
bur support mun
eng move nth
gal support war
hel move hol
lvn move stp
gol support tus
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun support pie move tyr
nap support rom
nth move nrg
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support mos move lvn
tun support tys move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr support vie move boh
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
remove ruh
build Army smy
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ank move con
apu support ven
bel move nwy via convoy
ber move mun
boh support mun move tyr
bur hold
con move bul
gal move war
hol move kie
lvn support war
gol support tus
mar support pie
mos support gal move war
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg hold
pie support mun move tyr
pru support war
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp move mos
tun support tys move ion
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr support mos
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
tyr move tri
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ven
boh support mun move tyr
bud support ukr move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move ukr
kie move bal
lvn support war move mos
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nwy move fin
pie move tus
pru move war
sev support mos
smy move arm
stp support war move mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus move gol
tyr move ven
tys support pie move tus
ukr move gal
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move sil
mos move ukr
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bul
build Army kie
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ven
bal convoy kie move pru
ber move sil
boh support sil move gal
bud support gal
fin hold
gal support vie move boh
kie move pru via convoy
lvn support war
gol move tus
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth hold
nrg hold
pie support mun move tyr
rum support gal
sev support ukr move mos
sil move gal
stp support mos
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tyr support vie move boh
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ven
ber move mun
boh support war move gal
bud support gal
gal support ukr
lvn support pru move war
gol move tus
mar support pie
mos hold
nap support rom
pie support tus move ven
pru move war
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support war move gal
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys support gol move tus
ukr support sev move mos
vie support tri move tyr
war move gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven
boh support mun move tyr
bud support gal
gal hold
lvn support mos
gol move tus
mar support pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap support rom
pie support mun move tyr
pru support war
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp support mos
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tyr hold
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr
vie support tyr
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1921 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
tyr move tri
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
apu support rom
ber move mun
boh support tyr
bud support gal
gal support vie move boh
gre move ion
ion move adr
lvn support mos
gol support tus
mar support pie
mos hold
nap support rom
pie support tyr
pru support war
rum support gal
sev support ukr move mos
sil support boh
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tus support pie
tyr hold
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven support rom
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
aeg move ion
apu support ven
arm move sev
boh support sil move gal
bud support gal
gal support ukr
gre support aeg move ion
lvn support war
gol move tus
mar hold
mos hold
mun support boh
pie support tus move ven
pru move sil
rom move tus
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp support mos
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tyr
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg move ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
boh move vie
bud support gal
gal support ukr
gre move alb
lvn support war
gol move tus
mar support pie
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
nap move apu
pie support ven
pru move sil
rom move tys
rum support gal
sev support ukr
sil move boh
stp support mos
tri support apu move ven
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tun move ion
ukr support gal
ven support gol move tus
vie move tyr
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army par
PHASE 1923 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
ber move pru
boh support vie
bud support tri move vie
gal support tri move vie
ion move nap
lvn move war
mos support war move ukr
pie support ven
rom move tys
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support lvn move war
stp support mos
tri move vie
tus move rom
tyr support vie
tys support tus move rom
ukr move war
ven support tus move rom
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1923 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1923 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move gre
apu support nap move rom
arm move smy
boh support vie
bud support gal move vie
fin support stp
gal move vie
gre hold
ion support alb move gre
lvn support mos
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move rom
par move bur
pie move tus
pru support war
rum move bul
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp support mos
tri move ven
tyr move tri
tys support rom
ukr move war
ven support rom
vie support tyr move tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1923 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
France: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1923 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1924 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
apu move tun via convoy
bal move bot
boh support sil move gal
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move ruh
fin support stp
gal support bud move vie
gre move aeg
ion convoy apu move tun
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
pie support ven
pru move sil
rom support tus
sev support ukr
sil move gal
stp support lvn move mos
tri support bud move vie
tus support rom
tyr move tri
tys support adr move ion
ukr support gal
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1924 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move rum
ion move alb
tri move ser
PHASE 1924 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb move ion
apu support nap
boh support sil move gal
bot convoy fin move lvn
fin move swe
gal move ukr
gre support alb move ion
ion move gre
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mos move sev
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pie support tus move ven
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev support ukr move mos
sil move gal
tri hold
tus move ven
tyr support tri
tys support rom move nap
ukr move mos
ven move apu
vie support tri
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1924 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1924 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
