PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move mun
ser move rum
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move pie
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
apu move ven
bel support par move bur
ber move kie
bla support rum
bre move mid
bul move ser
con hold
den support kie move hel
kie move hel
lon move eng
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
par move bur
pie hold
rum support bul move ser
ser move rum
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tun move ion
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
ser move gre
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support ser move bul
apu support tun move ion
bel support bur
bla convoy rum move ank
bre move eng
bur support bel
con move ank
den move nth
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre hold
hel support den move nth
hol move bel
kie move ruh
mid move por
mar hold
mun support kie move ruh
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
pie support ven
rum move ank via convoy
ser move bul
smy move con
spa move por
swe move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
apu move ion
bel support bur
bla support rum move bul
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur support bel
con move ank
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move alb
mid move por
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pie support ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
sev move arm
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bul move con
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
ank hold
apu move ion
arm support sev move ank
bel support ruh move bur
bla convoy sev move ank
bre move mid
bud support alb move tri
bul move con
bur move bel
con support aeg move bul
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal move vie
gre support tri move ser
hel move nth
lon support hel move nth
gol move mar
mid move por
mun support ruh move bur
nrg move edi
nwy support edi move nth
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bur
ser move gre
sev move ank via convoy
smy move aeg
spa move por
tri move ser
ven support alb move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move hol
bul move rum
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove aeg
remove eng
build Army kie
remove mid
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bud move ser
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel move hol
bla convoy sev move bul
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul/sc move con
bur move par
con move ank
edi move nth
gre hold
hel move den
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move ruh
gol move mar
mos move war
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy support edi move nth
pic move par
pie move mar
rum support sev move bul
ser hold
sev move bul via convoy
smy support con move ank
spa move por
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ank support bla move con
arm move smy
bel move ruh
bla move con
bud support ser move tri
bul support alb move gre
bur move par
den move swe
eas support arm move smy
eng move lon
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
lon move eng
gol move mar
mun move boh
nth support eng move lon
nwy move swe
pic move par
pie move mar
por hold
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser move tri
tri hold
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: fleet/dislodged lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move wal
smy disband
tri move ven
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank support con move smy
bel move pic
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support bel move pic
den move swe
gal support bud move vie
gre move alb
ion move gre
lon hold
gol move pie
mar support gol move pie
mos move war
nth move lon
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move tyr
ser support tri
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri support bud move vie
ven move tri
wal move lvp
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank support con move smy
arm move sev
bla move con
boh move vie
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move smy
gal move boh
gre support ser
hol support bel
ion move aeg
lon hold
mar move bur
nth move hol
nwy support bot move swe
par support mar move bur
pic support mar move bur
pie move mar
por hold
pru support war move sil
ser support tri
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
ank move con
boh move vie
bur move ruh
con move aeg
gal move boh
gas move spa
gre support rum move bul
lon move eng
lvp move cly
mar hold
nth support swe move den
nwy move ska
par support pic
pic hold
por move spa
pru move ber
rum move bul
ser support tri
sev move ukr
sil support gal move boh
smy support con move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war support sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
boh move mun
den move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
bal move swe
ber support mun
boh support vie move tyr
bot move swe
bul move con
cly move edi
con move ank
den move kie
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gas move bre
gre hold
hol support bel
ion support eas move aeg
mar hold
mun support ber
nth move edi
par move gas
pic move bel
por move spa
pru move ber
ruh support pic move bel
ser support tri
sil support pru move ber
ska move den
smy move eas
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support mun
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
