PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move gre via convoy
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move pic
con move bul/sc
eng move mid
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
mid move bre
mar move spa
nth move eng
ruh move mun
rum support con move bul
ser support apu move gre
stp move nwy
ven hold
vie move gal
wal hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move mun
bre move mid
bul support sev move rum
con move aeg
eng support hol move bel
gal support ser move rum
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie support den
mid move spa/sc
mun move bur
nap move tys
nwy move fin
par move bur
pic move bel
rum move bla
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri move adr
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move bud
wal hold
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
bul support rum move ser
con move aeg
den hold
eas move ion
eng move nth
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre move bul
ion hold
kie move ruh
mid move por
mun move bur
nwy move nth
par move bur
pic move bel
rum move ser
ser move rum
sev move rum
ska support nwy move nth
spa move por
tys move tun
ven hold
vie move gal
wal move yor
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Fleet con
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move nth
ber move sil
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
con move aeg
den hold
eas support aeg move ion
eng move mid
gal support rum move bud
kie support den
mid move wes
mun support ber move sil
nth move den
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser support gre move bul
sev move ukr
sil move boh
ska support nth move den
spa move gas
swe support nth move den
tri move alb
vie move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb support nap move ion
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support bul move rum
bul support ion move gre
bur move bel
den support ska move nth
eas move ion
gal support boh move vie
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
lon hold
mid support wes move spa
nap move tys
nth move nwy
par move gas
rum move bud
ser support gre move bul
sil move war
ska move nth
spa hold
swe move nwy
tun move tys
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
bur move bel
con move bul
den support ska move nth
gal support vie move bud
gas move bur
gre support ion
hol move bel
ion support wes move tun
kie move ber
mid move por
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move edi
rom move tys
rum move ser
ser move rum
ska move nth
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tun support rom move tys
tyr hold
ukr move mos
vie move bud
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move pru
bud move tri
bul support rum move ser
bur move bel
den move bal
edi hold
eng move bre
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre support aeg move ion
hol move bel
ion move apu
lon hold
mid move bre
mun move kie
nap support tys move ion
nth move hol
nwy move nrg
rum move ser
ser support tri move bud
spa move por
swe move den
tri move bud
tun support tys move ion
tyr support vie
tys move ion
ukr move sev
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove gol
build Army mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
apu move nap
bal support den move kie
ber move bal
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move pic
con move bul
den move kie
edi move cly
eng move nth
gal support bud move vie
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move mun
lon move wal
mid move iri
mos move lvn
nap move apu
nth move eng
nrg move edi
por hold
pru move war
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
spa move mar
tri support vie move bud
tun support ion
tyr move ven
vie move bud
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bal support kie
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bul move gre
cly move lvp
con move bul
edi hold
eng convoy por move wal
gal support mos move war
gre move alb
ion move adr
iri move lvp
kie hold
lvn support mos move war
mid convoy por move wal
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move kie
nap move apu
nth move eng
pic support mar move bur
por move wal via convoy
rum move bud
ser support vie move tri
sil support war
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven support nap move apu
vie move tri
wal support nth move lon
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove cly
build Fleet con
build Army mos
remove pru
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
aeg move gre
alb move ion
apu support tun move ion
bal support kie
ber move bal
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move yor
eng convoy por move pic
gal support war move sil
gre move bul
hol support mun move kie
iri support nth move eng
kie support nth move hol
lvn move pru
mid convoy por move pic
mos move sev
mun move kie
nth move hol
pic move bur
por move pic via convoy
ser support tri
sil move war
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
ven support vie move tri
vie support ven move tri
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
sil move boh
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tri
apu support ion
bal support pru move ber
ber hold
boh move sil
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
eas move ion
eng move lon
gal support vie
gre support eas move ion
hol move kie
iri hold
kie support nth move hol
lon hold
mid move iri
mar move pie
mun support hol move kie
nth move hol
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser support tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
tri support vie
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
yor move nth
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
apu support ion
bal move den
bel hold
ber support sil move mun
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur support mun
eas move ion
eng support bel
gal move boh
gre support eas move ion
hol move bel
ion hold
iri support nth move eng
kie move ruh
lon hold
mid move nat
mos move war
mun hold
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie move tyr
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
ion move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bel hold
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bre support mid move eng
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support bel
den move kie
eng move bel
gre support aeg move ion
hol support eng move bel
ion move tys
iri move lvp
lon move wal
mid move eng
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
ruh support eng move bel
rum move sev
ser move tri
sil move mun
tyr support ser move tri
vie support ser move tri
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army/dislodged bel
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
remove pie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank move arm
apu move nap
bel move eng
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bur move bel
con move bla
den move nth
eng move lon
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri move lvp
lon hold
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth move nrg
pic support bur move bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum move gal
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
sil move mun
tri hold
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven move tus
vie support alb move tri
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
tri move ven
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb support tri move adr
ank move arm
bel move hol
bla move sev
bre move mid
bur move gas
eng move lon
hol move bel
ion move apu
kie move hol
lon support wal
lvp move wal
mun move bur
nat move iri
nap support adr move ion
nth support eng move lon
nrg move nat
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bla move sev
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
tri move adr
tus hold
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move pie
vie support ser move tri
wal support lon
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army/dislodged bel
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
lon move yor
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tun
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg support apu move ion
alb support apu move ion
apu move ion
arm move sev
bel support bur move pic
bla support arm move sev
bur move pic
edi move yor
gas move par
hol move yor via convoy
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
nat move mid
nth convoy hol move yor
par move gas
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move gal
sev hold
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
ukr support sev
ven move rom
vie move tri
wal move eng
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
pic move bre
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
arm move sev
bel move eng
bla support arm move sev
bre support par
bur support gas move par
eas move ion
edi move yor
eng move bre
gal move war
gas move par
hol move bel
ion move nap
iri move mid
lvp move wal
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
nat support iri move mid
nap support rom
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
par support bre
pic support eng move bre
pie move tyr
rom support ion move nap
sev move rum
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support rom
ukr move rum
vie move boh
wal move eng
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre move gas
nap move tys
sev move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army smy
remove tus
remove tys
remove wal
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support apu move ion
aeg convoy smy move gre
ank move rum via convoy
apu move ion
bel move nth
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move sil
bre move mid
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
gas move spa
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
lon move yor
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mos support ukr
nat support nrg move cly
nap move tys
nrg move cly
par move gas
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move ven
sev move mos
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc move por
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ukr support mos
ven move tri
war support sev move mos
yor support lvp move wal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
apu move nap
bla move rum
bre move pic
bul move ser
bur move mun
cly move edi
gas move spa
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
kie move hol
lon support nth move yor
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
mos move stp
nat move lvp
nth move yor
por support spa
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa support por
tri support adr move ven
tys support gre move tun
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move gal
wal support yor move lon
war support sev move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
Russia: fleet/dislodged lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
lon move eng
tun disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove lon
build Army smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bla move con
con move bul
edi move cly
eng support yor move lon
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move adr
lvp move iri
mid support spa move por
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nap move apu
pic move bur
rom move nap
rum move sev
ser move rum
smy move syr
spa move por
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun move tus via convoy
tys convoy tun move tus
ukr support stp move mos
ven move tri
wal move lon
war move lvn
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pie
Russia: army por
France: supply por
Russia: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu move nap
arm support sev
ber move kie
bud support tyr move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
cly move lvp
eng move wal
hol move kie
iri support cly move lvp
lon support eng move wal
mid move wes
mos support ukr move war
nap move rom
pie move ven
rum move ser
sev support arm
syr move smy
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move war
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army por
France: supply por
Russia: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army por
Russia: supply por
Russia: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
