PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move fin
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla move ank
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
den hold
edi move nwy
fin move swe
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move bel
ser support bud move tri
spa move por
tri move ven
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bre move eng
bud support sev move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
edi move nrg
gal move boh
gre support rum move ser
hol move bel
kie move hol
mun hold
nap move apu
nth hold
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
par move pic
por move spa
ruh support hol move bel
rum move ser
ser support tri
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
tri move adr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb move ser
apu move ven
boh move mun
bud support alb move ser
bul support gre move ser
bur support boh move mun
con move aeg
den hold
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move lon
fin support nrg move nwy
gre move ser
hol support bel
ion move alb
mid move eng
mun hold
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
pic support bur
ruh support bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
spa move gas
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
ven move tri
vie support adr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move adr
bel support ruh
ber move mun
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move lon
fin move stp
gal move vie
gas move bur
gre support eas move ion
hol support bel
ion move tys
mid move iri
mun support bur move ruh
nth move ska
nrg support edi move nth
pic move bel
ruh support ber move mun
rum move gal
ser support tri
smy move eas
stp/nc move bar
swe move bal
tri move adr
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move apu
apu move nap
bal support sil move ber
bar move nwy
bel hold
ber support ruh move mun
boh move tyr
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move apu via convoy
den move kie
gal support vie
gas move spa
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion convoy con move apu
iri move lvp
mun support sil move ber
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pic move bel
ruh move mun
ser support bud move tri
sil move ber
ska move nwy
stp hold
tyr support ven move tri
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
remove ska
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support nap move ion
alb move adr
apu support ion move nap
bal support ber move kie
bar support mos move stp
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bre move eng
bur move ruh
den move swe
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move boh
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move nap
lon move nth
lvp move cly
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nat move lvp
nap support ven move rom
par move bre
ruh support hol move kie
ser support tri
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move tys
stp move nwy
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
apu support nap move rom
bal convoy lvn move den
bar move nwy
bel move hol
boh move tyr
cly move edi
eas support aeg move ion
hol move kie
kie support lvn move den
lvn move den via convoy
gol move spa/sc
nap move rom
nth support bel move hol
rom support tys move nap
ruh support hol move kie
ser move tri
spa move por
swe hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys move nap
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
rom move tus
ven disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove mid
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army smy
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
alb move gre
apu move nap
bal move swe
bar move nwy
ber move kie
bre move pic
con move aeg
den support bal move swe
eas move ion
edi move cly
eng move wal
hol move yor via convoy
ion move tys
kie move den
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
nth convoy hol move yor
pie support ven
por move spa
rom support tun move tys
ruh support mar move bur
smy move ank
spa/sc move mar
stp support bar move nwy
swe support kie move den
tri support tyr
tun support nap move ion
tyr support tri
ven support pie
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hol
nwy disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
ank hold
apu move nap
bal move swe
bur move ruh
cly move nrg
eas move ion
gre move ser
kie support ruh move hol
mar move gol
mun support kie
nth support ruh move hol
nwy support bal move swe
pic move bel
pie support ven
rom support apu move nap
ruh move hol
spa move mar
stp move fin
tri support tyr
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven support pie
wal support yor move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
