PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy
eng support pic move bel
gal support sev move rum
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
mar hold
mun move boh
nap move tun via convoy
nth move lon
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ser move bul
sev move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move wal via convoy
ber move bal
bla support rum
boh move mun
bot support stp
bre move mid
bud move gal
con move ank
den move ska
edi move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon support edi move nth
mar move spa
nrg support edi move nth
nwy support bot move swe
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move arm
stp hold
tri hold
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal move swe
bla move sev
boh move mun
bot move swe
bul hold
den support bal move swe
eng move bel
gal hold
gre hold
kie move hol
lon support nth
mid hold
naf hold
nth convoy nwy move yor
nrg move cly
nwy move yor
rum hold
ska support bal move swe
spa move por
stp move fin
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie hold
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove lon
build Fleet mar
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
ank support con
arm move sev
bel support den move nth
ber move pru
bla hold
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul hold
cly move lvp
con support aeg move bul
den move nth
fin support bot move swe
gal move bud
gre hold
hol move kie
lvp move edi
mid support bre move eng
mar move gol
mun move sil
naf move spa
nth move bel
por move spa
rum move sev
ska support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
vie support alb move tri
war hold
yor support cly move lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move ser
nth move hel
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move nth
bla move sev
boh move tyr
bud move vie
bul/sc move con
con move bul
edi hold
eng move lon
fin move nwy
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
kie support nth move den
lvp hold
gol move tys
mid move nat
naf move tun
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
pru move war
rum support gre move bul
ser support alb move tri
sil support pru move war
ska move nwy
spa hold
swe support fin move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
arm move smy
bla move con
boh move tyr
bud move vie
bul/sc support bla move con
con move ank
den move swe
edi support nat move lvp
eng move lon
hel move den
kie support den
lvp hold
mar move gol
mos support rum move sev
mun move ruh
nat move lvp
nth support ska move nwy
nwy support swe
rum move sev
ser move gre
sil move war
ska move nwy
spa move mar
stp/nc support ska move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support vie move tri
tys move nap
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move cly
nwy move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move bla
arm move sev
boh move tyr
bud move vie
bul/sc move aeg
cly move nrg
con support bul/sc move aeg
den move swe
edi support lvp
fin hold
gre hold
hel move den
kie move den
lon hold
lvn move mos
lvp hold
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos support sev
nap move rom
nth move hol
nwy support den move swe
ruh move hol
sev support mos
stp/nc support nwy
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr move pie
ven move rom
vie move gal
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove bot
build Army bre
build Army bud
remove eas
remove fin
remove gal
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove naf
remove nrg
build Army par
remove pie
remove ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support bla move sev
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre move pic
bud move rum
con support gre move bul
edi move bel via convoy
gre move bul
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move nat
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support bla move sev
mun move bur
naf move tun
nap support tus move rom
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie move ven
ruh support kie move hol
sev support bud move rum
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support bud move rum
ven move rom
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move ruh
bul hold
con move bla
den move nth
eng move lon
gal move rum
hol move bel
ion hold
kie support hol
mar hold
mos support rum move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nat move cly
nap hold
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy support den move nth
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh move bur
rum move sev
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr support rum move sev
ven move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
remove tun
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move nap
arm move ank
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla move ank
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul move con
cly support yor move edi
hol support nth move bel
ion move tun
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar hold
mos support war
mun move bur
nap support rom
nth move bel
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move tus
rom support nap
ruh support nth move bel
rum move sev
sev move arm
tri move adr
tys move tun
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war support mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
ank move smy
apu move nap
arm move ank
bel support hel move nth
bla move arm
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
cly support edi
edi hold
gas move mar
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion support adr move nap
lon hold
mar move gol
mos support war
mun support ruh move bur
nap support rom
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
par support bur
pic move bel
pru move lvn
rom support nap
ruh move bur
rum support sev
ser hold
sev hold
tus support ven move pie
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ven move rom
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army kie
build Army tri
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
apu support ion move nap
bel support nth
bur support pic move bel
cly support edi
con hold
edi support lon move nth
hel support nth
hol move yor via convoy
ion move nap
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mar support bur
mos support war
mun move bur
nap support gol move tys
nth convoy hol move yor
nrg move edi
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom move apu
ruh support bel
ser move gre
sev move arm
smy support ank move con
tun move ion
ven move rom
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: army/dislodged con
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
con move bul
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
apu move adr
arm move smy
bel support hel move nth
bre hold
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
cly move lvp
edi hold
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move aeg
lon hold
lvn support war
mar support bur
mos support war
mun support ruh
nap support tun move ion
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
pic move bel
rom support nap
ruh support mun
rum move sev
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys support rom
ven move tus
war support mos
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove cly
remove sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move eas
alb move ion
ank move con
arm move syr
bel move eng
ber move mun
con move aeg
edi move cly
hol move bel
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move wal
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nat
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
tus support ven move rom
ven move rom
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
alb hold
apu hold
bel hold
boh move vie
bre support pic
bul hold
bur support pic
cly move lvp
eas hold
gal move bud
gre hold
hol support bel
ion support nap
lon hold
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nat support cly move lvp
nap support ion
nth support yor move lon
pic support bur
pie hold
rom hold
ruh support mun move bur
syr hold
tus hold
tys support ion
ukr move rum
wal support lon
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
remove bre
build Fleet kie
remove rom
remove tus
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
alb hold
bel move eng
ber move sil
bud move ser
bul hold
eas hold
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp move wal
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth support bel move eng
pie hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
vie move tri
wal hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
