PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev hold
smy move syr
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
gal move war
ion move tun
mid move por
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pru support sil move war
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
sil move war
syr move smy
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bre move eng
con support bul
den hold
edi hold
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy support lon move nth
par move bur
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum support sev move bla
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil support pru move ber
stp move nwy
swe hold
tun move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
vie support bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber move mun
bla support ukr move sev
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
gol move mar
mun move kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move nrg
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support ber move mun
smy support arm move ank
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move alb
tus move gol
tys support tus move gol
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move tri
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank support con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support sev move arm
bul move con
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move aeg
hol support ber move kie
gol support wes move spa
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move nat
ruh support bel move hol
rum support bla
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy support con
stp move fin
swe hold
tys move ion
ven hold
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move adr
ank support con
arm support bla move ank
ber support sil move mun
bla move ank
bul move con
bur move par
con support bla move bul
den move kie
eng move bre
fin move stp
hel move kie
gol support wes move spa
mid move wes
mar move gol
nat move iri
ruh move mun
rum move bla
sil move mun
smy support con
spa hold
swe hold
tri support vie move tyr
tys move ion
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
ank support bla move con
arm move smy
ber move kie
bla move con
bud move rum
bul move gre
con support bla move bul
den move swe
hel move hol
ion move gre
iri move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nth move nrg
nwy move stp
par hold
ruh move bur
sev hold
sil hold
smy support con
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move aeg
ion move nap
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg convoy smy move gre
ank support con
arm move smy
bre support bur move pic
bul move gre
bur move par
con support arm move smy
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
hel move hol
ion move gre
kie support hel move hol
lon move bel via convoy
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move gol
nap support gol move tys
nrg move nth
nwy hold
rom move ven
ruh move bel
sev hold
sil move ber
smy move gre via convoy
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move apu via convoy
ven support tri move apu
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
build Army mos
remove ruh
remove syr
build Army tri
remove tys
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move bla
apu move rom
ber support den move kie
bud support rum
bul support rum
con hold
hel move hol
ion move nap
kie support hel move hol
gol move tys
mos move stp
nap support rom
par hold
rom support nap
rum support bul
sev move ukr
smy move ank
spa move gas
stp move fin
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun hold
ven support apu move rom
war move sil
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army/dislodged hol
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move bel
rom move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu move nap
ber support sil move mun
bla move sev
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move par
den move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
fin support stp move nwy
gas support bur move par
ion support apu move nap
kie support hol
lon move pic via convoy
nap move rom
nth move hel
par hold
rom support apu move nap
rum support bul
sil move mun
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tus support nap move rom
tyr move pie
tys support wes move tun
ukr move sev
ven move tus
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
remove tus
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support den move kie
bla support sev move rum
bre move pic
bud hold
bul support rum
con move bul/sc
eng move nth
fin move swe
gas move bur
ion move aeg
nap move ion
par support bre move pic
pic move bur
rom move nap
rum support bul
sev move rum
swe move ska
tri move alb
ukr support sev move rum
ven move rom
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move gre
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bud move rum
bul move con
con support bla move bul
den move ska
gas move bur
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move ruh
mar hold
mun support ber move kie
nap support rom
nth support den move ska
nwy support swe
par move pic
pic move eng
pie hold
rom support nap
rum support bla move bul
ser support bud move rum
ska move den
smy support con
swe support ska move den
ukr support rum
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gre
remove hol
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
bud move tri
bul/ec support rum
bur move ruh
con support smy
den move kie
hel support nth move hol
kie support mun
lon move nth
mos move war
mun support kie
nth move hol
pic hold
rum support bul/ec
ser move alb
sev support rum
ska move den
smy support con
stp/nc move bar
swe support ska move den
ukr move gal
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bar move nrg
bul/ec move bla
con move bul/sc
eng move mid
gal move vie
hel support bal move kie
kie support den
mun support kie
nth move lon
ruh hold
rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move ber
swe support den
tys move gol
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
remove eas
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support hol move kie
ber support kie
bla convoy sev move bul
bud move tri
bul/sc move aeg
den support kie
gal move bud
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
lon move nth
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support kie
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
sev move bul via convoy
swe support den
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bal move kie
bel move pic
ber support kie
bud move ser
bul support smy move gre
bur move mar
den support kie
hel support bal move kie
hol support bal move kie
ion move tys
gol move tys
mun support kie
nth move edi
nrg move nth
pic move bur
pie move ven
rom move ven
smy move gre via convoy
stp move nwy
swe support den
tri move ven
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
