PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move con
arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move gre
bur move bel
den move ska
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move spa
nth move nwy
ruh move hol
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus support ven
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bud move vie
con move bul/sc
den move kie
gre support con move bul
hol hold
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move nrg
rum support mos move sev
sev move ukr
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri support bud move vie
tun move wes
tus move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
boh move mun
bre move mid
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
den move kie
gre move ser
hol move ruh
kie move hel
lvn move war
gol move mar
mid move por
mun move ber
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
spa support gol move mar
tri move ser
ukr move rum
vie hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army smy
remove war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal support sil move ber
bud move gal
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
hel move den
kie support tyr move mun
lon move nth
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth move den
nwy move swe
por move mid
ruh support tyr move mun
sev hold
sil move ber
smy move arm
swe move bal
tri move ser
tyr move mun
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
arm move sev
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
boh move tyr
bul move gre
eas move ion
gal move war
gre move alb
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move nth
gol support spa move mar
mar move bur
mun support kie move ber
nth move ska
ruh support mun
rum support arm move sev
ser hold
sev move bla
sil move war
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support hel move den
tun support ion move tys
ven move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet nap
remove pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
ank hold
bel support bur
ber move sil
bur support bel
gal move ukr
hel support ruh move kie
ion move adr
kie support sil move ber
gol support mar move pie
mid support wes
mar move pie
mun support ber move sil
nth support ska move den
nwy move stp/nc
pie move ven
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move ber
ska move den
swe move ska
tyr support ser move tri
wes support gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
sil move pru
tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
alb move ven via convoy
ank move con
bel support kie move hol
bla move sev
bud move tri
bur support bel
gre move apu via convoy
hel move den
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move hol
gol move tus
mid move wes
mun move kie
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pru move war
rum move sev
sil move war
ska support hel move den
stp move mos
tri support alb move ven
tyr support tri
ukr move war
wal move yor
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Russia: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move nth
hol move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bla
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
alb move ven via convoy
ank move con
apu support alb move ven
con move bul
den move nth
edi move nth
hol move ruh
ion move nap
kie hold
gol support wes
mos hold
nap move ion
nwy support edi move nth
rum move gal
sil support ukr move war
ska support den move nth
swe move ska
tri move ser
tun support nap move ion
tus move tys
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ukr move gal
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
apu move rom
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den support ska move swe
gre move ion
gol move tys
mos support ukr move war
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy support swe move ska
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser support tri move bud
sil move war
ska move swe
swe move ska
tri move bud
tun support rom move tys
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven support apu move rom
wes support tys move tun
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move nap
rom move tus
tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army mar
remove naf
build Army par
remove sil
remove ska
build Fleet smy
remove stp
build Army tri
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
bel move ruh
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
gre move nap via convoy
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move nap
kie support ruh move hol
gol move tys
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support bel move ruh
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
rom support gre move nap
ruh move hol
ser hold
smy move aeg
swe move ska
tri support vie move tyr
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: army/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move adr
bul hold
bur support ruh move mun
den move hel
gal move bud
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie hold
mos move lvn
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth support ska move den
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support gal move bud
sil move mun
ska move den
tri support tyr
tyr support sil move mun
ukr move mos
ven hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
remove pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
bel move ruh
bud support ser
bur support mun
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move alb
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move yor
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
rom support ion move nap
ruh move kie
rum move gal
ser support tri
sil move mun
tri support tyr
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys support tun
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb move gre
bar support nwy move stp
bel support ruh
bud support ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
gal move vie
hel move den
hol move bel
kie support hel move den
lvn move war
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
ser support tri
sil move war
stp hold
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys support tun move ion
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
stp move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
bar support stp
bel move hol
ber support mun
bud support ser
con move bul
den move swe
gal move war
gre move ion
hol support kie
kie move den
lvn support gal move war
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nap support gre move ion
nth support ska move den
nwy support stp
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom support nap
ruh support bel move hol
rum move bud
ser support tri
sil move war
ska move den
stp hold
tri support bud
tyr move vie
ven move tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar move stp/nc
ber support ruh move kie
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
den move kie
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn move stp
gol move tus
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nap support ion move tys
nth move den
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
ruh move kie
ser move gre
sil move gal
stp move mos
swe support kie move den
tri move ser
tun support tys
tys support tun
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove gal
remove lon
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
bar support fin move stp
bel support hol
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
fin move stp
hol support bel
ion move tys
mos support stp
mun move tyr
nap support ion move tys
nth move eng
nwy support fin move stp
pie support mun move tyr
rom move tus
rum move gal
ser support tri
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tun support tys
tus support pie
tyr move pie
tys support tus
ven support tyr move pie
vie support bud
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
bar move stp/nc
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move rum
den hold
fin support nwy move swe
gal move sil
gre move bul
ion move tys
kie support mun move ber
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap support ion move tys
nth move lon
nwy move swe
pie support rom move tus
pru move ber
rom move tus
ser support bud
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tri move tyr
tus support tys move rom
tyr move boh
tys move rom
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: fleet/dislodged tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
tus move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar move stp/nc
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul hold
eng move iri
fin move swe
kie move mun
lon hold
gol move pie
mar support gol move pie
mos move stp
nap support tus move rom
nwy support fin move swe
par move bur
pie support ven
pru move ber
rum move gal
ser move tri
sil support tyr move mun
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven support tus move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
pie move tus
rom move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bar support fin move stp
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support boh move mun
eng convoy bel move wal
fin move stp
hol move ruh
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie support ber
gol move wes
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nap support ion move tys
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
rom support tus
rum move gal
sil move ber
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support tyr
tun support tys move wes
tus support ven move pie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army bud
remove fin
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur move mun
den move kie
eng move nth
gal support vie move boh
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvp move cly
gol move wes
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nap move ion
nwy support mos move stp
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ukr
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa support mar
swe move bot
tri support bud move vie
tun support wes
tus move ven
tyr support mun
tys support gol move wes
vie move boh
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
boh move sil
bot move fin
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
eng move bre
gal move war
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
gol move wes
mar support wes move gol
mun support ber move kie
nth move edi
nwy support stp
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom support ven
ruh support bur move mun
sil support bur move mun
stp support nwy
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
tun disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur support ruh
cly move nrg
edi move nth
fin move bot
hol move kie
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support hol move kie
spa support mar
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
wes move mid
