PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move fin
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bul move rum
den move swe
fin move swe
gas move spa
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move mun
ser move gre
sev hold
tri move alb
tyr move ven
ukr support sev
vie move bud
yor move hol
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel support nth move hol
ber move bal
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
den move swe
fin move swe
gre move bul
ion move eas
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
sev hold
spa move mar
ukr support sev
vie move bud
war support ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal support den
bla support rum
bud move rum
con move smy
den support ska move swe
eas convoy tun move syr
eng move iri
fin move swe
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy tun move syr
lon hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
nth move hol
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser move bul
sev support rum
ska move nth
spa/sc move wes
tun move syr via convoy
ukr move war
ven move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank support smy
bal move ber
bel move bur
bla support rum move bul
bud move tri
bul move ser
den hold
eas support syr move smy
gre support bul move ser
hol support ruh move bel
ion move aeg
iri move eng
lon move nwy
lvp hold
mun move ber
nth convoy lon move nwy
pic support bel move bur
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh move bel
rum move bul
sev support rum
ska support lon move nwy
stp/nc move bar
swe move bal
syr move smy
tri move vie
tys move tun
war move pru
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy
bal move swe
bar hold
bel support hol
bla support bul
bud move rum
bur support pic move bel
den support bal move swe
eas move smy
eng support pic move bel
gre hold
hol support bel
lvp move yor
mun move ber
nth move lon
nwy support ska move swe
pic move bel
pru move lvn
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
ska move swe
swe move fin
syr support eas move smy
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys move gol
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
smy move con
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet mar
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank support con
bal move swe
bar support nwy move stp
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bul move rum
bur support bel move ruh
con support ank
den support bal move swe
eng move bel
gre move bul
hol support ruh
lon move nth
mar move gol
nwy move stp
ruh support ber move mun
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
ska support bal move swe
smy support aeg move con
syr move arm
tun support wes move tys
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move gal
tys move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel support nth move hol
boh support bur move mun
bur move mun
den support swe
eng support bel
gal move vie
gre hold
hol support nth move bel
ion move adr
gol move mar
mun support ruh
nth move hol
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sev support rum
ska support stp move nwy
smy support aeg move con
stp move nwy
swe support den
tri move vie
tun move ion
tys move rom
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bul
hol move kie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove gal
build Army mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
ank move con
arm move ank
bel move ruh
boh move sil
bul support ank move con
bur support bel move ruh
con support arm move ank
den support swe
edi move cly
eng move bel
gre support bul
hol move hel
ion move nap
kie support ruh move hol
lon hold
gol move tys
mar support bur
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rom support ion move nap
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move arm
ska support nwy move swe
stp/nc hold
swe support den
tri move bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
nap move apu
tri move vie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank support bla move con
apu support tus move ven
arm move ank
bel hold
bla move con
bul support con
bur support ruh move mun
cly move nrg
con support arm move ank
den support swe
gre hold
hel move den
hol move ruh
kie move ruh
lon hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move ber
nap support rom
nwy support ska move swe
rom support nap
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sil support ruh move mun
ska move swe
smy support bla move con
stp/nc hold
swe support den
tri hold
tus move ven
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bal
build Army bud
build Army mar
build Army par
remove ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber support kie move mun
bla move bul/ec
bud move vie
bul support con
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move swe
gre move ser
hel support swe move den
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon hold
mar move pie
mun support sil
nap support tys move ion
nrg move nth
nwy support stp/nc
par move bur
pie move tus
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy move con
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri move ven
tys move ion
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
arm move ank
bal move den
bel support lon move hol
ber move pru
bla support smy move con
bul move con
bur move mar
con move ank
den support hel move kie
hel move kie
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie support bal move den
lon move hol
mun support sil move ber
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
pie move ven
ruh support mun
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move ber
smy move con
stp/nc hold
tri move bud
tus support pie move ven
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Italy: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove kie
build Fleet lon
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
apu move adr
arm move sev
bla support bud move rum
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support rum
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi hold
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion support apu move adr
lon move eng
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth support hol move bel
par move bre
pru move war
rom move tys
ruh support bel
rum support sev
sev support rum
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tus support ven
tyr move ven
ven support mun move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
rum move ukr
tyr move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support tri
arm move sev
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bud hold
bul move rum
con support bla move bul
edi move bel
eng support edi move bel
hel support kie
hol support edi move bel
ion move aeg
kie support hol
mid move eng
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum support bla move bul
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
remove ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm move smy
bel move eng
ber move kie
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul/ec support con
con support bul/ec
edi hold
eng support lvp move iri
hel support kie
hol move ruh
ion support aeg move gre
kie hold
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid support bel move eng
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
nth support eng
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
ruh support ber move kie
rum move sev
stp/nc move bar
tri move vie
ven support pie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ser
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
ber move sil
boh move gal
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul/ec move bla
bur hold
con move bul/ec
edi move bel
eng support edi move bel
gre move aeg
hel support kie
hol support kie
iri move nat
kie support hol
mid move nat
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move bel
ruh hold
spa/sc move wes
stp move lvn
tyr move pie
ven move tus
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army lon
remove pic
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel support hol move ruh
bla move con
bud move ser
bul/ec support rum
bur support ruh move bel
eng support iri move mid
gal move war
gas move bre
hel move kie
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move den
lvn move war
mid hold
nth convoy lon move den
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support bul/ec
sil support gal move war
stp/nc hold
tri support bud move ser
tyr support tri move ven
wes support mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ser move gre
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move ruh
ber hold
bul/ec move rum
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eas move aeg
eng move pic
hol support ruh move bel
iri move eng
kie move bal
lvn move mos
mar move gas
nth support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser hold
sil support tyr move mun
stp/nc hold
tri support ser
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ukr support lvn move mos
war hold
wes support mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support ber
bel support hol move ruh
ber hold
bre support bur move pic
bud move vie
bul/sc move aeg
bur move pic
eng support lvp move iri
gas support bre
hol move ruh
ion support aeg move gre
kie move mun
lon move nwy
lvp move iri
mos hold
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move nwy
pic move bre
rum move sev
ser support tri move bud
sil move mun
smy move arm
stp/nc move bar
tri move bud
vie support tri move bud
war hold
wes support mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
gre disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move lvn
bar hold
bel move bur
ber hold
bre support pic
bud hold
bur support sil move mun
eng move pic
gal support rum
gas move spa
gre move alb
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move mun
mos hold
nth move bel
nwy move stp
pic support bre
ruh support kie move mun
rum support arm move sev
ser move bul
sil move mun
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war hold
wes support mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove spa
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bar move stp/nc
bel move bur
ber support lvn move pru
bre support pic
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move ruh
eng support lon move bel
ion move nap
iri move mid
lon move bel
lvn move pru
lvp move nat
mos hold
mun hold
nth convoy lon move bel
pic support bre
ruh support bel move bur
rum move bul/ec
sev move rum
sil move mun
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tun move naf
tyr support sil move mun
vie support bud move gal
war hold
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mar
gal move ukr
mun move kie
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support pru
bre support pic move par
bul/ec support rum
bur move mun
con hold
eng support iri move mid
gal move ukr
iri move mid
kie support bur move mun
lvn move war
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support lvn move war
mun support mar move bur
naf move wes
nat support iri move mid
nth support eng
pic move par
pru support ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul/ec
ser move rum
stp/nc hold
tyr move pie
ukr support rum
vie move gal
war support gal move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move bal
bul/ec support rum
bur move mar
con move bul
eng support mid
gal move war
kie move ber
lon move bel
mid hold
mos support war
mun move sil
nat support mid
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move tus
pru support kie move ber
ruh move mun
rum support bul/ec
ser move rum
sil support gal move war
stp/nc hold
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
vie move boh
war support mun move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move bur
ber move sil
boh move mun
bul/ec move con
con move ank
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move ukr
lon move bre
mid support lon move bre
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
nat support mid
nth move bel
pru hold
ruh support mun
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil support boh move mun
stp/nc hold
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
sil move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove gre
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move eng
boh move vie
bre move par
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support bre move par
con move bul/sc
den move nth
eng move mid
gal move bud
lon hold
mid move wes
mos support war move ukr
mun move sil
nat support eng move mid
nap move ion
pru move lvn
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sil move war
stp/nc hold
ukr move sev
war move ukr
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
par disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur support mun
con move smy
eng support lon move bel
gal move vie
ion move tun
lon move bel
lvn hold
mid support wes move spa
mar move gas
mos support ukr move sev
mun support sil move boh
nat support mid
nth convoy lon move bel
par hold
rum move ser
sil move boh
smy hold
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc hold
tun move naf
tys support ion move tun
ukr move sev
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
