PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move nap via convoy
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move ank
den move swe
eng move bel
gas move spa
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
mid hold
nap move ion via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
smy move ank
spa move por
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move bal
bla support rum
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
con support ank move bla
den move ska
eng support lon move bel
gal move boh
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hel
lon move bel via convoy
mid move iri
mar move gol
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy hold
por move spa
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser support bul move rum
smy move arm
spa move gas
tri support bud
ven hold
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move sev
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move ber
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bud support gal move rum
con move bul/sc
eng support nth
gal move rum
gas move bre
gre move bul/sc
hel move nth
hol move bel
iri move lvp
lon move pic via convoy
gol move wes
mid move bre
nth convoy lon move pic
nwy support swe
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser support gre move bul
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
ska move den
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move vie
ukr support sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
remove nwy
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move bal
bla support sev
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul/sc move aeg
con support smy move aeg
den move ska
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move bur
hel move den
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move nat
mid support bre move eng
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support sil move ber
nth support eng
ruh move kie
rum support mos move sev
ser move gre
sev hold
sil move ber
smy move aeg
swe hold
tri support vie move tyr
ukr support mos move sev
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal support den move swe
ber support mun
bla support aeg move bul
bre support mid move eng
bud support rum
bur move par
con support aeg move bul
den move swe
eng move bre
gre support bul/sc
kie move mun
mid move eng
mun support ber
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
pic support eng move bre
pie move tus
ruh support kie move mun
rum support bul/sc
sev support ukr
ska move nwy
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move nap
ukr support sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army edi
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bal support swe move bot
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
bot support stp/sc move lvn
bre move gas
bud support rum
bul/sc support con move spa
con move bul/sc
edi move lvp
eng move bre
gre support bul/sc
kie move mun
mid support eng move bre
mun support ber
nap support tus move rom
nth move edi
nrg move nth
par support eng move bre
pic move bur
ruh support kie move mun
rum support bul/sc
sev move arm
ska move nth
stp/sc move lvn
swe move bot
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ukr move sev
ven support rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move stp/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bal move ber
ber support mun
bla move ank
bot move bal
bre support par
bud support rum
bul/sc support con move syr
bur move mar
con move ank
edi move nrg
gas move bre
gre support bul/sc
kie move mun
lvn support stp/sc move bot
lvp hold
mid move spa/sc
mun support ber
nap move ion
nrg move nwy
par support bre
pie move mar
ruh support kie move mun
rum support bul/sc
sev hold
ska move nwy
stp/sc move bot
tri move ser
tus move rom
ven support rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: fleet/dislodged bot
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move swe
mun move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move smy
bal move ber
ber move mun
bla move ank
bot hold
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move bel
con move ank
edi move nth
gas move mid
gre support ser move bul
kie support mun
lvp move yor
mun support bal move ber
nap move ion
nrg move nth
par move bre
pie move tus
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
sil support ber move mun
ska support nrg move nth
smy hold
spa/sc move gol
tus move pie
ven support pie move tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy gre move con
ber hold
bla support con
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul support gre move con
bur move mar
edi move nth
gas move spa/nc
gre move con
kie support ber
gol move mar
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth move lon
par move bre
ruh move bel
rum support bul
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
swe support ska move nwy
tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move bur
ber move bal
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre move par
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
bur move gas
con move aeg
edi move nth
eng support nth move lon
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
kie move ber
gol move mar
mun support kie move ber
nth move lon
nwy move nth
rom support gre move nap
rum support bul
smy support con move aeg
spa/nc move mid
swe move nwy
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
arm support aeg move smy
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn
bla support con
boh move gal
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move mun
con support smy move aeg
edi move nth
eng move bre
gas move spa
ion move eas
lon hold
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
mun move boh
nwy move stp/nc
par support eng move bre
pru support sil move ber
rom move ven
rum support bul
sev hold
sil move ber
smy move aeg
swe move den
tyr support sil move mun
vie support tyr
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army kie
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move sev
bal support mun move ber
ber hold
bla move ank
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur move mun
con move ank
den move nth
eas move smy
gre support bul
kie support mun move ber
lon hold
lvn move mos
mar move spa/sc
mun move ber
nth support yor move lon
par move bre
por move mid
pru move war
rum support bul
sev move mos
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
tyr support ber move mun
ven support tyr
vie support bud move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move ber
ber move pru
bla move con
boh move sil
bre move pic
con move smy
den move nth
eas support adr move ion
eng support lon
gal support vie move boh
gre support bul
kie move hol
lon hold
lvn support ber move pru
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
rum support bul
sev move mos
spa/sc move por
tyr support vie move boh
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war support pru move lvn
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvn move stp
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ber move bal
boh support war move sil
bul move con
con move bul/sc
den move nth
eas move aeg
eng support den move nth
gal support war
gre support eas move aeg
hol hold
ion support eas move aeg
kie support mun
lon support den move nth
gol move wes
mos support war
mun support sil
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
pru support sil
rum support bul
sev move arm
sil support pru
smy support aeg move eas
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
tyr support boh
ven move pie
war support gal move sil
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
lon move wal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm move ank
bal move bot
bel move lon via convoy
boh support war move sil
bul move con
con hold
eng convoy bel move lon
gal support war
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
ion support aeg move eas
kie support mun
lon move eng
mos support war
mun hold
nth support bel move lon
nrg move edi
pie support spa/sc move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
rum move ukr
sil move war
smy support con
spa/sc move mar
stp move mos
tyr support boh
wal support bel move lon
war support gal move sil
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army sev
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support eas move smy
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot move lvn
bul move con
con move bla
eas move smy
edi support lon move yor
eng move mid
gal support boh
ion move tys
kie support mun
lon move yor
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
mun support sil
nth move nwy
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support sil
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support mun
smy move con
stp support bot move lvn
tyr move mun
ukr support war
wal move lvp
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support bul move con
ber support sil
bla move con
bul support aeg move con
gal support war
kie support mun
lvp move wal
mid support wes move spa
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil
nap move rom
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support sil
ruh move bur
sev support mos
sil support mun
smy support aeg move con
stp support bot move lvn
syr move smy
tyr support boh
tys move wes
ukr move rum
wal support yor move lvp
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move yor
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
remove syr
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot move lvn
bre move mid
bul move con
bur support mar
con move aeg
edi move cly
gal support war
kie support mun
lvp move wal
mid move naf
mar support spa/sc
mos support war
mun support sil
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support sil
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil support mun
smy move eas
spa/sc support bre move mid
stp support bot move lvn
swe move fin
tri move adr
tyr move mun
vie support boh
wal move iri
war support gal move sil
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support eas move ion
ank hold
ber support sil
boh support gal move sil
bur support mar
cly move nrg
eas move ion
fin move stp/sc
gal move sil
iri convoy wal move por
kie support mun
lvn move bal
gol move spa/sc
mid convoy wal move por
mar support gol move spa
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move wes
pie move mar
pru support sil
sev hold
sil support mun
spa/sc hold
stp move lvn
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr support war
vie support boh
wal move por via convoy
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
apu move nap
bal support lvn
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mar
gal support war
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn support ukr move war
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move wes
nrg move bar
pie support spa/sc move mar
por support mid move spa
pru support sil
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc support lvn
tus support pie
tyr move mun
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bal support lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mar
gal support war
ion support tys move tun
kie support mun
lvn support bar move stp
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar support gol
mos support war
mun support sil
naf support tun
nap move tys
pie support bur move mar
por move spa
pru support sil
sev support mos
sil support gal move war
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/sc move bot
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bal convoy kie move stp
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot convoy kie move stp
bre move mid
bud move tri
bur support mun
gal support war
ion support tys move tun
kie move stp
lvn move war
gol support wes move tys
mar support gol
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move tun
pie move mar
pru support sil
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank hold
bal support lvn
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
bur support mun
gal support war
ion move tys
lvn support sil move war
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
naf support spa/sc move wes
pie move mar
por move spa
pru support sil move war
sev support mos
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun support wes move naf
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support war
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
apu move nap
bal support pru
ber support sil
boh support tyr move mun
bot support lvn
bur support mun
gal support war
ion move gre
lvn support pru
gol support mar move pie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move tun
pie support ven move tus
pru support sil
rom support apu move nap
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa move mar
stp support lvn
tri move adr
tun move ion
tys support naf move tun
ukr support war
ven move tus
vie support boh
war support mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move ven
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
ank hold
bal support pru
ber support sil
bot support lvn
bur support mun
con move bul
gal support war
gre support ion
ion support nap move tys
lvn support ukr move war
gol support tys move tus
mar move gas
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move tun
nap move tys
pie support tys move tus
pru support sil
rom support tus
sev support mos
sil support mun
stp support lvn
tun move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ukr support war
ven support tus
vie support boh
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gre
build Army mar
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
ank hold
bul move ser
gal support war
gas move mar
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos support war
naf move tun
nap move tys
pie support mar move tus
rom support tus
sev support mos
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys support mar move tus
ukr support war
ven support tus
vie support boh
war support mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
ank hold
bal support pru
ber support bur move mun
bot support lvn
bur move mun
gal support war
gas support mar
ion support nap move tys
lvn support sil move war
gol support pie
mar support pie
mos support war
mun move boh
naf support tun
nap move tys
pie support gol
pru support sil move war
rom support tus
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil move war
stp move mos
tun support tys
tyr move pie
tys support tun
ukr support war
ven support tus
vie support boh
war support mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
