PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move tri
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur support eng move bel
den move swe
eng move bel
gal move rum
gas move spa
ion move adr
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move mun
sev move bla
tri move ser
tus support ven
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support lon move nth
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
den support kie move hel
hol support ruh
ion move adr
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support ven move tyr
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
por move spa/sc
ruh support hol
rum move ser
sev move bla
spa move gas
tri support tyr move ven
tus move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support nth
bre hold
bul move ser
bur support bel
den support hel move nth
gas move bur
gre support bul move ser
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun support ven move tyr
nth support bel
nwy support den move swe
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tus support ven
tyr support adr move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
ven disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support lon move nth
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul support gre move ser
bur support bel move hol
con support ank move bla
den support nth
edi support lon move nth
gas move bur
gre move ser
hol move bel
iri move eng
lon move nth
mos move sev
mun support ruh
nth support hol move bel
nwy support lon move nth
ruh support hol move bel
rum move ukr
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun move wes
tus support rom
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ven move adr
war move lvn
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ser move bud
tun move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
arm move sev
bel support ruh
bla support bul move rum
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
den support nth
edi move nth
eng support pic move bel
fin move swe
gas move bre
ion support rom move tys
lon support edi move nth
lvn move stp
mid support gas move bre
mos move sev
mun support ruh
nth support bel
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bel
rom move tys
ruh support bel
rum move bul/ec
ser support bul move rum
swe move den
tri move ser
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
nth move hel
ser move bul
swe disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove tus
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg support bul move gre
arm support rum move sev
bel support lon move nth
bla support rum move sev
bre move par
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
den support hel move nth
eng support bel
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
lon move nth
mid move bre
mar move gol
mos support sev
nth move ska
nwy support lon move nth
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev hold
stp move fin
swe move den
tun support wes move tys
tys support ion move tun
ukr support sev
ven move alb via convoy
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support gre move ser
den support hel move nth
eng support bel
fin move stp
gal move rum
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion move alb
gol support wes move tys
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth move hel
nwy support swe
par move bre
ruh move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tun support wes move tys
tys move gol
ukr support sev
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
ser move tri
tys move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army lon
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
arm support rum move sev
bal move den
bel support nth move hol
bla support rum move sev
bre hold
bud support sev move rum
bul move rum
bur hold
den move hel
eng move nth
gal support sev move rum
hel support bal move den
hol move bel
ion support rom move tys
gol move tus
mid support bre
mos move sev
nth move hol
nwy support eng move nth
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri move vie
tun support tys
tyr move mun
tys support tun move ion
ukr support mos move sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
hol move kie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bre move par
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
hel move nth
hol move hel
ion move adr
lon move den via convoy
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support nth
rom move tys
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support bud move rum
swe support lon move den
tun move tys
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ukr support bud move rum
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
rom move nap
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
remove bud
remove hel
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support lon move hol
bla support arm move sev
bul move ser
den support hol move kie
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move hol via convoy
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support hol move kie
nap hold
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp/nc
par move gas
rom move nap
ruh support kie move hol
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev move arm
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tys support rom move nap
ukr move sev
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ber support ruh move kie
bla support rum move sev
bre support mid
bud hold
bul move ser
den move kie
fin move stp
gas move bur
hol support den move kie
ion support nap
kie move ber
mid hold
mos move war
mun support kie move ber
nap support ion move tys
nwy support fin move stp
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move mos
tri support bud
tun move tys
tys support rom move nap
ukr support mos move war
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
stp move lvn
tri move vie
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army lvp
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
remove ven
remove war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion
ank move rum via convoy
bel move pic
bla convoy ank move rum
bud move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
edi move bel via convoy
gal move war
hol move ruh
ion support nap
iri support lon move eng
kie support hol move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos support sev move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy move stp/nc
pie move ven
ser support tri move bud
sev move ukr
smy move eas
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr move mos
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser move tri
ank move rum via convoy
bel move bur
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move gas
bud support ser move tri
eas move ion
eng convoy wal move bre
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie move mun
mid hold
mos move war
nap move tys
nth support eng
pic support wal move bre
rom move nap
ruh support kie move mun
ser move tri
tun move tys
tyr move tri
tys support rom move nap
ukr support mos move war
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tri
wal move bre via convoy
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
nap move apu
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet con
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
bla move con
bud move vie
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng move mid
gas move bre
ion move apu
iri support eng move mid
mid support gas move bre
mun support ruh move bur
nap support tys
nth move eng
par support gas move bre
pic support bre
ruh move bur
rum move gal
smy move eas
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys support nap
ukr support rum move gal
ven support tyr move tri
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
apu move ven
bre move par
bud support gal move vie
bur move mar
eas move ion
eng support pic move bre
gal move vie
gas move spa/sc
ion move nap
iri move nat
lon move stp
lvp move nap
mid move por
mar move spa
nat move nrg
nap move tys
par move bur
pic move bre
sil move boh
tri support apu move ven
tun move wes
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
