PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy
eng move lon
gal move vie
kie move hol
nth move lon
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
spa move por
stp move mos
tri move bud
tys move tun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move wal via convoy
ber move pru
bla support ank move arm
bot move stp/sc
bre support eng
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move swe
eng convoy bel move wal
gre move ion
hol hold
kie move bal
lon move eng
mos support sev
mun move sil
nap support tun move ion
nth support lon move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
par move pic
por move spa
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev hold
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
arm move sev
bal support swe
bla support arm move sev
bot move stp/sc
bre support eng
bud move vie
eng support pic move bel
gre support aeg move ion
hol move bel
ion move adr
lon hold
mos move lvn
nat move lvp
nap move ion
nth support lon
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pru move war
rum support arm move sev
ser support tri
sil support pru move war
spa hold
swe support bal
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support arm move sev
ven move tri
vie move boh
wal move lvp
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support con move bul
bal move bot
bla support rum
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud support tri
con move bul
eng move iri
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion support adr move alb
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn support bot move stp
mun move boh
nat move mid
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
par move pic
ser move alb
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa hold
swe support bal move bot
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support ven
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg hold
bel support hol
bla hold
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bre support pic
bud support vie
bul move ser
den hold
eng support nwy move bel
gal support boh move vie
gre move ion
hol support nwy move bel
ion move gre
iri move lvp
lvn support stp/sc
lvp move edi
mid move spa/sc
mos support ukr
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel via convoy
pic support bre
rum support bul move ser
ser support tri
spa move por
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move tri
ukr support mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
ser move alb
tri disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove gre
remove lvn
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
remove nth
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion move gre
alb support bud move ser
ank move sev via convoy
bel move bur
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support gal move vie
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move nth
edi move yor
eng support hol move bel
gal move vie
hol move bel
ion move gre
lvp move wal
mos support ukr move war
mun support bel move bur
nap move tys
nwy support bot move stp
pic move bel
por move spa
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
spa/sc move mar
tri support ser move bud
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bur move ruh
stp/sc move fin
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg hold
alb move tri
bla hold
boh support vie
bud support rum move gal
bul move ser
bur move par
eng support hol move bel
fin support mos move stp
gre support adr move alb
hol move kie
lvn support stp/sc
mar hold
mos move war
mun move kie
nth move edi
nwy move swe
rum move gal
sev move mos
stp/sc hold
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
tys hold
vie support alb move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet con
remove fin
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support gre
ank move rum via convoy
ber support boh move sil
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move sil
bud move vie
con move bul/sc
edi move cly
eng move mid
gal support bud move vie
gre support alb
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvn hold
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun support boh move sil
nap move ion
par hold
pic support bre
ruh move bel
sil move boh
spa move mar
stp/sc support lvn
swe move bal
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
tys support nap move ion
vie support tri move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
sil move pru
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb support gre
bal support ber move pru
bel support pic
ber move pru
bla hold
boh move gal
bre move mid
bul/sc support aeg
cly move lvp
eng move bre
gal support pru move sil
gre support ion
hol move bel
ion support gre
lvn move war
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
mos support war
mun move boh
par support eng move bre
pic support bel
pru move sil
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil support lvn move war
spa move por
stp/sc support lvn
tri hold
tyr support tri
tys support ion
vie move boh
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove gas
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
bal support lvn
bel move bur
boh move gal
bre support par move pic
gre support ion
hol move bel
ion support gre
lvn support pru move war
lvp move wal
mid move spa/nc
mar support mid move spa
mun support boh
par move pic
pic support bel move bur
pru move war
ruh support hol move bel
sil support pru move war
spa move mar
stp/sc support lvn
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
tys move wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move por
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move gre
ank move rum via convoy
bal support lvn
bel support ruh move bur
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support tyr move vie
bre move eng
bud support gal
bul/sc support aeg
bur move mar
con hold
gal support ukr move war
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
lvn support war
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun support boh
pic move par
por support wes move spa
ruh move bur
ser support bud
sil support war
spa/nc hold
stp/sc support lvn
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move war
vie move boh
wal move iri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
spa/nc move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army kie
remove por
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
bal move den
ber move pru
boh move gal
bur move gas
eng move bre
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn support war move mos
mid move por
mar hold
mun move boh
par support bur move gas
rom move tys
sil move war
spa/sc move por
stp/sc support lvn
tri move vie via convoy
ven support tri
vie support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support gre
bel move pic
ber move sil
boh support vie
bre move eng
con move smy
den move nth
gas support mar move spa
gre move bul/sc
iri move mid
lvn move mos
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
par move bre
pru support war
spa/sc support tys move gol
stp/sc move bot
tri move bud
tys move gol
ven support tri
vie support tri move bud
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
spa move wes
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move ion
ber move pru
boh move gal
bot move bal
bre move par
bud support sev move rum
bul/sc move con
con move smy
eng move iri
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre support aeg
kie move mun
lon move yor
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move eng
pic move bur
por support spa/sc
pru move war
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
spa/sc support mid move wes
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support sil move gal
war move mos
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bal move den
ber move sil
boh support sil move gal
bud support ser move tri
bur move mar
con support rum move bul
eng move bre
gre move bul/sc
ion move adr
iri move lvp
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
par move gas
por support spa/sc
pru move war
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev support war move ukr
sil move gal
spa/sc support bur move mar
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
vie move tyr
war move ukr
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
remove vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
ber move sil
boh support gal move vie
bre move mid
bud support vie
con support rum move bul
den move nth
edi move yor
gal move vie
gre move alb
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move gal
smy move arm
spa/sc move wes
tri move ser
tun support tys
tys support tun
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
con move bul/sc
eng hold
gal support rum
gas hold
ion support tun
iri hold
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth move edi
pie move ven
rum support vie move bud
sev support rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
tri support vie move bud
tus move rom
tys move rom
ukr support sev
vie move bud
war hold
wes support naf move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
