PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move swe
ion move tun
kie move mun
mid move por
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move vie
bul move rum
con support bul
den move ska
gre support ser move bul
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos support stp/nc
mun support vie move tyr
nap move apu
nth move nrg
nwy move fin
par move pic
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr hold
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move bla
apu move adr
bar support nth move nwy
bre move par
bul support gre
con support aeg move bul
fin move swe
gas move mar
gre support bul
hel support ska move nth
ion move gre
kie move den
gol support gas move mar
mid move eng
mos support stp/nc
mun support tyr
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support bel
pie support ven
rum support bul
sev move arm
ska move nth
stp/nc support nwy
tri move ser
tyr support vie move tri
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move bul/sc
arm move ank
bar support nwy move stp
bla move ank
bud support tri
bul support gre
con support aeg move bul
den support ska move swe
eng convoy pic move lon
fin support nwy move stp
gre support bul
hel move nth
ion move tys
gol support mar
mos support stp/nc
mun support tyr
nth move yor
nrg move edi
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pic move lon via convoy
pie move tyr
rum support bul
ser support bul
ska move swe
stp/nc hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg move ion
arm support rum move bla
bar move nwy
bel move wal via convoy
bla move ank
bud move vie
bul support gre
bur move mun
con hold
edi move yor
eng support lon
fin support bar move nwy
gre support bul
lon support edi move yor
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth support yor move edi
rum move bla
ser support tri
stp/nc support bar move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven support tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mar
remove tus
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank hold
arm move ank
bla support bul move con
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul move con
bur move ruh
con support ank
den move kie
edi move yor
eng move iri
fin move nwy
gre move aeg
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
lon support edi move yor
gol move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move stp
nth support yor move lon
nwy move nth
rom move nap
ser move gre
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move tri
aeg move smy
ank move con
arm support bla move ank
bel move hol
bla move ank
bud move gal
con support aeg move smy
eng move nth
fin move swe
gre hold
hol support kie
iri move lvp
kie support hol
lon move wal
gol move spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun support ruh move kie
nap move rom
nth move den
nwy support fin move swe
ruh move kie
sev move mos
smy support ank move con
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
ven move tri via convoy
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
swe disband
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army bud
remove gol
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel support nth move hol
ber support hol move kie
bud move tri
con support aeg move smy
den support hol move kie
edi move cly
gal move boh
gre hold
hol move kie
kie support mun move ber
lvn move pru
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move ber
nth move hol
nwy support stp/nc
par move bur
pie hold
rom support ven move tus
smy move arm
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc support nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus move ven
ven move tus
vie support gal move boh
wal move yor
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
hol move ruh
smy move syr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support den move kie
boh support ruh move mun
bur move ruh
cly move edi
con move bul
den move kie
gre hold
iri move eng
kie support mun
gol support wes move tys
mun support kie
nwy move nth
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
syr move arm
tri move tyr
tus move rom
tys move tun
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
remove syr
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ser
den move kie
edi support nwy move nth
eng move nth
gre hold
hol support eng move nth
kie move mun
gol move wes
mun move bur
nap support rom
nth move den
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru support ber
rom support nap
ruh support kie move mun
sil support tyr move mun
smy move aeg
swe support nth move den
tri move adr
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bal move den
ber move kie
boh support mun
con move aeg
den support nwy move nth
edi support nwy move nth
eng move iri
gre hold
hol move nth
kie support ruh
mun support ber
nap move apu
nwy move nth
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom hold
ruh support kie
ser move bud
sil support mun
swe support den
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ven support tyr move pie
wes support tys move tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
tun move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove naf
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
arm move bla
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun
bud move vie
bur support ruh move mun
den move hel
edi move yor
hol support kie
ion move nap
iri move eng
kie support ruh move mun
mun support ber
nth support swe move den
par move pic
pie hold
pru move war
ruh move mun
sil support ruh move mun
swe move den
tri move alb
ven move tus
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move nap
ber support sil
bla move con
boh move vie
bur support mun
den move lon via convoy
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre move ser
hel support nth
hol support eng move nth
ion move aeg
lvp move edi
nap move ion
nth convoy den move lon
pie support tus
rom support apu move nap
ruh support mun
sil support ber
tun support tys
tus support pie
tyr hold
tys support tun
vie move bud
war move ukr
yor support den move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army par
build Fleet sev
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ber support sil
bul/sc move aeg
bur support mar
con support bul/sc move aeg
eng move lon
gal support ukr move rum
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
hol move hel
ion hold
kie move den
lon move wal
mun support ruh move kie
nth move edi
par move gas
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh move kie
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
sil support ber
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
vie move bud
war move mos
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: army/dislodged edi
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
edi move lvp
ion move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move ruh
ber support sil
bla support rum
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con support aeg move smy
edi hold
gal support rum
gas support mar
gre support ser move bul
hel move den
hol move hel
kie move den
lvp move yor
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap support rom
pie move tyr
rom support nap
ruh move kie
rum support gal
ser move bul
sil support ber
smy support bul/sc move con
vie move tyr
wal support yor move lon
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
lon move eng
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ber support sil
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
edi move nth
gal support rum move bud
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hel move den
kie move den
lon support edi move nth
mun move tyr
nap support rom
pie move tyr
rom support nap
rum move bud
ser support bud move rum
sil support ber
smy support bul/sc move con
stp move fin
tri move adr
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
ber support sil
bla support aeg move bul
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move con
bur move pic
con support aeg move bul
eng move nth
fin move swe
gal support rum move bud
gas move mar
gre support adr move ion
hel move den
hol support eng move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp hold
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth support lon move eng
pie move tyr
rom support nap
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser move rum
sil support ber
smy support bul/sc move con
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
ion move tun
nth move nwy
rum move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
build Fleet edi
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bul/sc move con
bla support bul/sc move con
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
con move bul/sc
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gas support mar
gre support con move bul
hel move den
hol move hel
ion move nap
kie move den
lvp move yor
mun support ruh move kie
nap move rom
nth support hol move hel
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum support con move bul
sil move boh
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
ank support bul/sc move con
bla support sev move rum
boh move gal
bul/sc move con
bur support mun
con support aeg move bul
edi move nth
gal move war
gas move mar
gre support aeg move bul
hel move den
hol move hel
kie support nth move den
gol move wes
mid move por
mar move pie
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy support edi move nth
rom move tus
ruh support kie
rum support aeg move bul
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tyr support ven move pie
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie support tyr
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move smy
rum move ser
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove tus
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/sc move con
bur move pic
den move ska
gal move ukr
gas move spa
gre move aeg
hel move nth
ion move tun
kie support mun move ber
lon move yor
mid move por
mun move ber
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie support tyr
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
ser move bud
smy support bul/sc move con
tyr support pie
tys support ion move tun
vie move bud
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bla support ank move con
boh move vie
con move bul/ec
gal support ser move rum
gas move spa
hol move nth
kie support ber
gol move pie
mid move por
mar support gol move pie
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy support nth
pic move bur
pie support tyr
por move spa/nc
rum move bul
ser move rum
ska support hol move nth
smy move con
stp/nc support nwy
swe move den
tun hold
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie move boh
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
pie move tus
rum move bud
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mid
build Army mos
remove pie
build Army sev
build Army tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
boh move gal
bud move ser
bur move bel
con hold
den move swe
gal move vie
gas move bur
hol support bur move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support tus move pie
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nth support nwy move ska
nwy move ska
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr hold
vie move bud
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move bul/sc
rum move bul
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel support hol
bla move con
bud move ser
bur move pic
con move ank
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre support aeg move bul
hol support bel
iri move mid
gol support wes move spa
mar move spa
mos move stp
nth move den
nwy move swe
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sil move boh
ska support nth move den
spa/sc support iri move mid
swe move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tyr move boh
vie move boh
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
ser move alb
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move bla
bel move pic
bre move par
bud move tri
bul/sc move con
con support sev move bla
den move bal
gre move alb
hol move hel
kie support mun
gol support pie move mar
mid move naf
mun support kie
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
pic move par
pie move mar
por move mid
rum support alb move ser
ser support gre move alb
sev move bla
sil move boh
ska move den
spa/sc move wes
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support gre move alb
tyr hold
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
ser move gre
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri
ank support bul/sc move con
bal move swe
bel move bur
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud support ser
bul/sc move con
con support rum move bul
den support bal move swe
gas support pic move bre
gre move bul
hel move den
kie support hel move den
gol move spa/sc
mid support bre
mar hold
mun support boh move tyr
naf move tun
nth support nwy
nwy support bal move swe
pic move bre
rum move bul
ser support bud
sev move bla
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tyr hold
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move smy
den move bal
tyr move ven
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri
ank move bla
bal move ber
bla move con
bre move par
bud support ser
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
fin support stp/nc move nwy
gal support bud
gas move bre
gre move ser
kie move ruh
mid support naf move wes
mar move pie
mun move boh
naf move wes
nth move bel
nwy move bar
pic support gas move bre
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support gre move ser
ven support mar move pie
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bla move con
alb move tri
ank move bla
bar support swe move nwy
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move vie
bre support pic move par
bud support rum move ser
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
den move nth
fin move swe
gal support boh move vie
mid support par move bre
nwy support fin move swe
par move bre
pic move par
pie move tyr
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser support tri move bud
spa/sc move mar
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun move ion
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
alb move gre
bar support nwy move stp
bla move rum
bre support pic
bud support rum
bul/ec support bla move rum
bur move mar
con support aeg
gal support bud
gas move bre
ion support alb move gre
kie move den
mid support wes move spa
nth move edi
nrg support stp/nc move bar
nwy move stp/nc
par support gas move bre
pic support bre
pie move tyr
rum support sev
ser support tri move bud
sev support rum
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tyr support vie
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
bla support bul/ec move con
bre move gas
bud support rum move ser
bul/ec move con
bur move mar
con move ank
den move swe
gal support bud
gas move bre
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
gol move mar
mid support bre move gas
nrg move cly
nwy support bar move stp
par support gas move bre
pic move bre
pie move tyr
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev support rum
stp/nc hold
tri move vie
tyr support vie
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ser move alb
tyr move mun
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mos
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support tri move ser
ank move bla
bel move pic
bla support con move ank
bre move pic
bud support ser
bur move mar
cly move nat
con move ank
gal move rum
gas support par move bre
gre move aeg
lon move nth
lvp move edi
gol move mar
mid support pic move eng
mos move stp
mun move kie
nwy move fin
par move bre
pic move eng
ser support bud
sev support gal move rum
smy move con
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bla move con
alb move gre
ank support bla move con
arm hold
bel move pic
bla move con
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
eas move smy
eng move nth
fin move swe
gas support bur move mar
lvp move edi
mid move bre
mar move spa/sc
nat move nrg
nth move hol
nwy support fin move swe
rum support con move bul
ser support rum
sev hold
stp move fin
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ven move pie
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Austria: fleet/dislodged mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gol
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
con support aeg move bul
den move kie
gal move sil
gas move spa
gre support tri move ser
hol support den move kie
lvp support nth move edi
gol move pie
mid support spa/sc
mar support gas move spa
mun move sil
nth move edi
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rum move gal
ser move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe move den
tri move ser
vie support bud
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
ser move alb
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support rum move ser
ank support con move bla
arm support sev move bla
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move par
bud support ser
bur support mar
con move bla
den support ber move kie
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre move alb
hol support kie
kie support hol
lvp support edi
mid support spa/sc
mar support gas move spa
mun support ber move kie
nth move lon
nrg move nth
pie move mar
rum move ser
ser support gre move alb
sev move bla
spa/sc support pie move mar
tyr move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hol
build Army war
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
ank support con move bla
arm move ank
bal move bot
bel move hol
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mar
con move bla
den hold
edi move nrg
gal move bud
gas support mar move spa
gre move bul
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvp move edi
mid move spa/nc
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nth move edi
par move bur
pie move mar
rum support gal
ser move rum
sev move bla
spa/sc move wes
tri move tyr
vie move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ser
ank support con move bla
arm move ank
ber move sil
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mar
con move bla
den move swe
gal support rum
gas support spa
gre move ion
lvp move wal
mid move spa/nc
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move pic
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev move bla
spa support gas
tri move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war support gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con move bla
arm move ank
boh support bud move gal
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move ser
con move bla
gal move bud
gas support mar
hol move kie
ion move tun
lvp move yor
mid move por
mun support sil
nth support swe move nwy
nrg move nth
par move bur
pic move bel
pie hold
rum support bud move gal
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
sil support mun
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri support bul move ser
tun move ion
tyr support boh
ukr support ser move rum
vie support bud move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support bla
arm move bla
bel move lon via convoy
bla support gal move rum
boh move mun
bot move swe
bud support gal move rum
bur move mun
eng convoy bel move lon
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre move bul/sc
ion move tun
mid move bre
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth move nwy
nrg move edi
nwy move stp
pie hold
rum support ukr move gal
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
sil support mun move boh
spa move por
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
war support ukr move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army tri
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support bla
arm move bla
bel move lon via convoy
bla support rum move sev
boh support bud move gal
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur move par
edi move nth
eng convoy bel move lon
ion move tun
kie move ber
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
pie move tus
por move spa
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa move gas
stp move fin
swe move den
tri move bud
tun move tys
tyr support boh
ukr support sev move rum
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
yor move wal
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move arm
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla move arm
boh move mun
bud support gal
bul move rum
con move bla
eng move bre
gal support bul move rum
gas move mar
mar move pie
mos support arm move sev
mun support sil
nwy move nth
par support eng move bre
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sil support mun
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support war move gal
ven move pie
vie support gal
war move gal
PHASE 1920 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
boh support gal move sil
bre move eng
bud move gal
con support ank move bla
gal move sil
gas move mar
kie hold
mar move pie
par move bur
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
spa move gas
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie support boh
PHASE 1921 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support kie
bla support sev
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
con move aeg
eng move iri
gal support rum move ukr
gas move par
ion move tys
kie support ber
mar move pie
rom support ion move tys
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sil move mun
spa move gas
tyr support sil move mun
ven move pie
vie support gal
PHASE 1921 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army tri
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support kie
bla move con
boh support mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bur support ruh move mun
gal move war
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie support ruh move mun
mar move pie
par support bur
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev move bla
tri move ven
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1922 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support ruh move mun
bla move con
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal move war
gas move spa
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
mar move pie
mun hold
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev move mos
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus support ven move pie
tyr support mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1922 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army vie
PHASE 1923 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support kie
boh support sil move mun
bre move gas
bur support mun
con move aeg
eng move wal
gal move sil
kie support ber
lon support eng move wal
lvp support eng move wal
mos move stp
mun support ber
naf support wes move mid
par move pic
pie move mar
pru move ber
sil move mun
spa move por
tus move gol
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie hold
war support gal move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1923 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army/dislodged wal
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1923 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support kie
boh move mun
bur move mun
gas support mar
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
lon move yor
lvp move iri
gol support wes move spa
mid support wes move spa
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf move wes
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru support mun move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun move ber
stp move nwy
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move eng
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1923 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
