PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
gas move spa
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move bel
ser move bud
sev move bla
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move ukr
hol move hel
kie move den
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
mun move ruh
nth move den
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum support bud move ser
sev move bla
smy move arm
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
swe support nth move den
tri move alb
tun move wes
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move mun
bot move bal
bul support con
bur move mun
con support bul
den hold
gal support rum
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
hel support kie move den
kie move den
mid move wes
mar move spa
nth convoy nwy move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move hol via convoy
pie hold
ruh move hol
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
spa/sc move gol
swe support den
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber move mun
bud move vie
bur move pic
con move smy
den support bal move kie
gal support rum
gas move bur
hel move den
kie support hel move den
lon move eng
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar support gas move bur
nth convoy nwy move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move hol via convoy
pie move ven
ruh move hol
rum support gal
sev move bla
spa/sc move wes
swe support den
tyr support bur move mun
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie move boh
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
bal move ber
bel support ruh
bla support sev move arm
boh support tyr move mun
bul/sc hold
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng move bel
gal support rum
gre support bul/sc
hel move hol
kie move ber
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun move ber
nth convoy nwy move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move hol via convoy
pic support eng move bel
ruh support bel
rum support gal
ser support bul/sc
sev move arm
smy move con
swe support den
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support con
arm move ank
bal move ber
bel support ruh
bla support arm move ank
boh move tyr
bul/sc move con
con support aeg move bul
eng move bel
gal support rum
gre hold
hel move nth
ion hold
kie support bal move den
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar move bur
mun move boh
nth support eng move bel
pic support eng move bel
pie move mar
ruh support bel
rum support gal
ser support gre
spa/sc move wes
swe move bal
tri support boh move tyr
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven move tus
vie support boh move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel support ruh
ber support bal move kie
bla support ank
boh move mun
bul/sc support con
bur move mar
con support smy move ank
den move swe
eng support pic move bel
gal move bud
gre support ser move bul
hel support kie move den
ion move tun
kie move den
gol convoy mar move naf
mar move naf via convoy
nth move hol
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
pic support nth move bel
ruh support bel
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
smy move ank
tri move ven
tus support pie
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ion move tun
wes convoy mar move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove con
remove den
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove mun
build Army tri
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel support ruh move hol
ber move bal
bla support rum move bul
bud move ser
bul support gre
edi move nth
eng move bel
gre support bul
hel support ruh move hol
hol support eng move bel
kie move den
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
naf support wes move tun
nth move nwy
pic support eng move bel
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum move bul
smy move con
stp hold
swe move den
tri move ser
tun move wes
tyr move tri
tys support tun move wes
ven move rom
vie hold
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support kie move den
bel hold
bla move bul/ec
bud move ser
bul move rum
gre hold
hel support ruh move hol
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
naf support tun
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support stp
pic support bel
rom support ion move nap
ruh move hol
rum support bud move ser
smy move con
stp hold
swe support lon move den
tri move bud
tyr move ven
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove pie
build Army tri
remove tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move bot
bla support ser move bul
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul support tri move ser
con support bul
gre support bul
hel support kie move den
hol hold
kie move den
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
mar move pie
mos move stp
naf move spa via convoy
nap hold
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support stp
pic support bel
rom support ven
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy support con
stp hold
swe support lon move den
tri move ser
tun move tys
ven support rom
vie move tri
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bul move con
bel support nth move hol
bla support bul move con
bot support mos move stp
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move bel
con move ank
edi move nth
gre move bul/sc
hel move nth
hol support bur move bel
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
mid hold
mos move stp
nap support rom
nth move hol
nwy support stp
pic move par
pie move mar
rom support ven
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
smy support con move ank
spa move gas
swe move bot
tri support ser
tys hold
ven support rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Russia: army/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
rum move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
remove gal
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move smy
bel move hol
bla move sev
bud support rum
con support arm move smy
den support bot move swe
edi move nth
gas hold
gre support ser move bul
hel move kie
hol move bel
lvn support mos move stp
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos move stp
nap hold
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move pic
rom support ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy support ank move arm
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven support rom
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move ank
stp move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm support ank move smy
bal move ber
bel move hol
bot move fin
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mun
con move ank
den move swe
fin move swe
gal move ukr
gas hold
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie support hol
lvn support stp
nap support rom
nth support swe move den
pic move bur
rum move sev
sev move rum
smy support con move ank
stp support bot move fin
swe move den
tyr move mun
tys support ion move nap
ven support rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
nap disband
smy disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
remove arm
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel support lon move hol
ber support den move kie
bur move ruh
con hold
den move kie
edi move nrg
fin move swe
gal move war
gas hold
gre move ion
hol support kie
kie support hol
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move pru
mar move gol
mun support bal move ber
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support swe
pic move bur
rum hold
sev hold
smy move ank
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr support ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr support gal move war
ven support rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank hold
bel move hol
bud move rum
bur move mun
con hold
den support hol move kie
gas move bur
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie support mun move ber
gol move wes
mun move ber
nap support tys move ion
nth move hel
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
pru move war
rom support ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sev hold
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ukr support rum move sev
ven support rom
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie disband
mun disband
sev disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri move adr
ank hold
ber move bal
bur move mun
con hold
den move bal
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support hol
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move war
mun move sil
nap support eas move ion
nwy hold
pru support mos move war
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
sev support ukr move mos
smy move eas
swe move fin
tri move adr
tyr move pie
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move pie
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support adr move ion
ank hold
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move kie
bul move ser
con move bul
den move bal
eas support adr move ion
edi move stp via convoy
fin support edi move stp
gal support sev move ukr
gre support adr move ion
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support edi move stp
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil support war
tys support nap move rom
ven support rom
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
pie disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army edi
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move smy
bal support stp move lvn
bar convoy edi move stp
bul move ser
eas move aeg
edi move stp via convoy
fin support edi move stp
gal support ukr move war
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn support ukr move war
gol move tus
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rom support ion move nap
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil support war
ska move nth
stp move lvn
tun move ion
tys support nap move rom
ukr move war
ven support rom
vie move boh
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu support nap
bal support lvn
bel move nth
boh move sil
fin move stp
gal move vie
gre support alb move ion
lvn support stp move mos
mos support war
mun move boh
nap hold
nth move hel
nrg hold
nwy hold
pie support tyr move ven
pru move war
rom hold
ser move bud
sil support pru move war
smy hold
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus support rom
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove pru
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move rom
bal support ber move pru
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move pru
boh support tri move tyr
bud move rum
edi move stp via convoy
gre support ion
hel convoy lon move kie
ion support nap
lon move kie via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap support apu move rom
nth convoy lon move kie
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie support tyr move ven
rom hold
sev hold
sil support mun move boh
smy move arm
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tus support rom
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
ven move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support tri move ven
arm support sev
boh move tyr
gal support war
gre support ion
ion support nap
kie move ber
lvn move war
mos support ukr
nap support apu
pie support ven
pru support lvn move war
rom move nap
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move mun
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys support rom move nap
ukr support lvn move war
ven support boh move tyr
vie support gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support tyr move ven
arm support sev
ber move sil
boh move tyr
gal support war
gre support ion
ion hold
lvn support pru move war
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support boh move tyr
nap move apu
par move bur
pie support ven
pru move war
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
stp move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support nap move apu
vie support tyr move boh
war support rum move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move alb
arm support sev
gal support war
gre support ion
ion convoy apu move alb
lvn support ukr move war
mos move ukr
nap hold
pie support ven
pru support ukr move war
rom support nap
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil support ukr move war
stp move mos
tri hold
tun hold
tyr support ven
tys support nap
ukr move war
vie support tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
