PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move nap
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move ank
boh move mun
bot move swe
con move aeg
edi move nwy
eng move bel
gal support ukr move rum
gas move spa
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
nap move tun
nth move lon
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa move por
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move bla
boh move sil
bud move ser
bul support aeg move con
con move smy
den hold
edi move nth
eng move bel
gal move sil
gre move aeg
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy tun move apu
kie support mun
lon support edi move nth
mar move bur
mos move war
mun hold
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move pic
por move spa
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move apu
tyr move mun
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move rom
bla convoy rum move con
boh support tyr move mun
bul support rum move con
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move kie
eng move bel
gal move sil
hol support bel
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon hold
mar move bur
mun hold
nth move hol
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pic support eng move bel
pru move ber
ser support aeg move gre
smy move ank
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr move mun
vie move bud
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet mar
build Army nap
build Army tri
remove war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support nth move hol
ber move mun
bla convoy rum move con
boh support mun
bud move tri
bul support rum move con
bur move mun
den support kie
eas move smy
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hol move nth
kie support ber move mun
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move hol
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move con
ser support tri move alb
sil support pru move ber
smy hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
hol move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
arm move sev
bar support fin move stp
bel support hol
ber hold
bla move ank
boh support mun
bul support alb move gre
bur move ruh
con support aeg move smy
den move hol
eas move smy
fin move stp
gas move mar
gre hold
hel convoy den move hol
hol support ruh move kie
kie support den move hol
gol move tys
mun support tyr
nth move hel
nwy hold
pic move bur
rom move ven
ruh move kie
ser support alb move gre
sil support ber
swe support nwy
tri move bud
tyr support mun
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove kie
build Army mos
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bar support stp
bel hold
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move ank
den hold
eas move ion
edi move nth
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol support nth move hel
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support tyr
nth move hel
nwy support mos move stp
pic move bur
pie move mar
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp support sev move mos
swe move bal
tri move adr
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven move rom
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank move sev
bal support ber move kie
bar move nwy
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move gal
bul support ser move rum
bur move ruh
den move kie
hel move den
hol support ruh move kie
mos move stp
mun support tyr
nth support hel move den
nwy support mos move stp
pic move bur
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh move kie
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil move ber
stp support bar move nwy
tri move bud
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ukr support ank move sev
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
remove pie
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support stp
bel move eng
ber support sil move mun
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move bla
den support ruh move kie
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gal support rum move ukr
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tys
kie move den
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support tyr
nap move rom
nth support den
nwy support mos move stp
pic move bur
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move mun
stp hold
swe support kie move den
tyr support mun
ukr move war
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bar support stp
ber move kie
bla support rum move sev
boh move sil
bur move mun
con move ank
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move war
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
mid move wes
mos move ukr
mun support boh move sil
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sev support mos move ukr
sil move gal
stp support nrg move nwy
swe support bal move den
tri move ser
tun support mid move wes
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
nwy move fin
sev move arm
tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove fin
remove mos
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move smy
bar move stp/nc
bla move con
boh support vie move gal
bud support ser move rum
bur support ruh move mun
den move swe
edi move den
gal move bud
hol move hel
kie support ruh move mun
mid move spa/sc
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support den move swe
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser move rum
sev move mos
sil support mun move ber
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tun support tys move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move smy
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud move tri
bur support mun
con move smy
den move swe
fin move swe
gal support sil move war
hel move den
kie move ber
mun hold
naf support wes move tun
nth support hel move den
nwy support den move swe
pie move tyr
rom move ven
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
swe move bal
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys support tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
ber support tyr move mun
boh move mun
bud support tri
bur support mun
con move aeg
den move hel
edi move den
gal move sil
ion support tun
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
naf support wes move tun
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move ska
pie hold
rom move ven
sev move mos
stp hold
swe move fin
tri support vie move tyr
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bur support mun
den hold
hel move nth
ion support tun
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
naf move tun
nth move ska
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tus
sil support tyr move mun
ska move swe
smy move con
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
tys disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy den move lvn
bar support stp
ber move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur support ber move mun
con move bul
den move lvn
fin hold
gal move vie
gre move alb
ion support tun move tys
kie support ber move mun
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nth hold
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support tun move tys
sil support pru move ber
ska hold
stp support den move lvn
swe move bot
tri move adr
tun move tys
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven support tus move pie
war move pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Austria: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move war
tys move nap
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move adr
bal convoy fin move den
bar support stp
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot convoy fin move den
bul move rum
bur move bel
fin move den
ion support rom move nap
kie support mun
lvn hold
gol move tys
mun support kie
nap support gol move tys
nth move eng
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support ber move kie
sil support pru move ber
ska move nth
stp support lvn
tun support gol move tys
tyr move mun
tys support rom move nap
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support mos
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie disband
mun move bur
tys move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army par
remove pie
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support adr move ion
bal move den
bar support stp
bel support bur
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bot move bal
bud move tri
den move hol
eng move mid
gal move ukr
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move kie
nth convoy den move hol
par move pic
ruh move bel
rum move sev
sil move pru
stp hold
tri move adr
tun support tys
tys support tun
vie move tyr
war support sil move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
apu support ion move nap
bal convoy lvn move den
bar support stp
bel support den move hol
ber support kie
bot move swe
bud move ser
bur support bel
den move hol
ion move nap
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move den
gol support pie move tus
mid move wes
mos support war move lvn
mun support kie
nth convoy den move hol
pic support bur
pie move tus
pru support war move lvn
ruh move hol
sev support mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move war
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet/dislodged tus
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
