PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move den
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
par move pic
ser support vie move tri
spa hold
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support rum
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul hold
con support bul
edi move bel
gal move bud
gre move ion
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move bur
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy move ska
par support mar move bur
pic support edi move bel
por move mid
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war support gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move gre
alb move tri
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support rum
boh move vie
bud support alb move tri
bul support con move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move gre via convoy
eng move lon
gal support boh move vie
gre move ion
hol support bur move bel
kie support hol
lvn move pru
mid move iri
mar move gas
mun move ruh
nth support bel move hol
par move pic
pic move bel
rum support bul move ser
ser support alb move tri
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri support boh move vie
tun move ion
ven support tri
vie support alb move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support con move gre
bur support bel
con move gre via convoy
den support ska move nth
gal move bud
gas support bur
gre move ion
hol move nth
iri move wal
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun support kie move ber
nap support tun move ion
nth move nwy
pic support bel
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum support gal move bud
ser move bud
sil support pru move ber
ska move swe
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
ven move adr
vie support rum move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
bel hold
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur hold
den hold
gal move vie
gas support bur
gre move ion
ion move alb
iri move eng
kie hold
lon move wal
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bel
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
rum support bud
ser move bud
sil move war
swe support nth move den
tri support ser move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Army mun
remove rum
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support adr move ion
bel hold
ber move mun
bla move rum
bud support gal move vie
bur move pic
con move bul
den move swe
edi support den move nth
eng support lon move nth
gal move vie
gas move bur
gre move ion
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn hold
mid support wal move iri
mun move boh
nap support adr move ion
pic move bre
ser support aeg move gre
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr support vie
vie move tri
wal move iri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
ank move con
bel hold
boh support mun
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur support bel
eng hold
gal support vie
gre move ion
ion move gre
iri move lvp
lvn move stp
lvp support nth move edi
mid move eng
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move edi
pic move bre
rum move bla
ser support aeg move gre
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move vie
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
remove stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support gre
bel support kie move hol
bla support gal move rum
boh move mun
bud support vie
bul move gre
bur support bel
con move smy
eas move ion
gal move rum
gas support bur
gre support ion
hol move ruh
ion support gre
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mid move eng
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
nth support nwy move nrg
nwy move nrg
ser support bul move gre
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bel hold
bla move ank
bre hold
bud support rum move ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
den move swe
edi support hol move nth
gas move bur
gre support alb
hol move nth
ion move tun
iri support mid move eng
kie move hol
lvp support nrg move edi
mid move eng
mun move tyr
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
ruh support kie move hol
rum move ser
ser support aeg move gre
stp move nwy
tri move ser
tyr support bur move mun
tys move tun
ven support tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi disband
eng move lon
mun move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
ank move bla
bel support nth move hol
bre move pic
bud support vie
bul support tri move ser
bur move ruh
edi move nth
eng support bel
gre support tys move ion
hol support nth move bel
iri move mid
kie support sil move mun
lon support edi move nth
lvp move edi
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth move hol
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
ruh support sil move mun
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy support aeg move con
swe move den
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support tri
bel support hol
ber support bur move mun
bla support rum
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
den hold
eng support bel
gal support bud
gre support aeg move bul
hel move hol
hol hold
ion support gre
kie support mun move ber
lon support nth
mid support eng
mun move ber
nth support hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh move mun
ser support bul move rum
smy support aeg move con
stp hold
tri support tyr
tyr support bur move mun
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bla move bul/ec
bud support vie
bul hold
bur support bel move ruh
con move ank
den hold
edi move yor
eng move pic
gal move boh
gre support bul
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie support ber move mun
lon move nth
mid hold
nth move hel
nwy hold
par hold
pic move bel
rum support bla move bul
ser support tri move bud
sev support rum
sil move gal
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
bel support ruh
bla support rum move bul
boh move tyr
bud support tri move vie
bur move mun
den move kie
gre support bul
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn move war
mun support den move kie
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul/ec
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil move ber
smy move con
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr move boh
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army lon
build Army nap
remove rum
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support nap move gre
ank move bla
bel support ruh move hol
ber support den move kie
bla move con
boh support gal
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con support ank move bla
den move kie
gal support sev move rum
gre move aeg
hel support lon move den
ion convoy nap move gre
kie support lon move den
lon move den via convoy
mid move iri
mun support sil move ber
nap move gre via convoy
nth convoy lon move den
pic support bel
ruh move hol
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska move nwy
smy move arm
swe move den
tyr support vie
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move bal
bla disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal move kie
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bud support vie
con move smy
den support kie
gal move ukr
gre move bul
hel move nth
hol support ber move kie
ion move eas
iri move wal
kie support den
mun support ber move kie
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pic move eng
ruh support ber move kie
ser support gre move bul
sev move mos
swe move den
tri support tyr
tyr support vie
vie support bud
war support boh move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal move bot
bel support hol
bla support con
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
con move bul/sc
den hold
eas support aeg move smy
eng support wal move lon
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hel move nth
hol support kie
kie support swe move den
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move ion
nwy move nth
par move bur
ruh move mun
rum support con move bul
ser move rum
swe move den
tri support bud
tyr move boh
ukr support gal move rum
vie move gal
wal move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move hol
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul support aeg move con
bur move ruh
den hold
eas support smy
eng support wal move lon
gal hold
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move sil
nwy move swe
ser support bul
sil move war
smy support aeg move con
tri move bud
ukr move mos
vie support boh move gal
wal move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove syr
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
bla support rum
bre support eng
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con move bla
eas move smy
eng move lon
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
hol move bel
iri support wal move lvp
kie move den
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
nap move ion
par move bur
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move rum
sev hold
sil move pru
smy move con
tri move ser
ven move apu
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move yor
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
apu move syr via convoy
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move pic
con move ank
eas convoy apu move syr
gal support ukr
hol support eng move bel
ion convoy apu move syr
iri move wal
kie move den
lon hold
lvp support iri move wal
nth move nwy
pru move lvn
ruh support hol
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy move con
ukr support rum move sev
war support pru move lvn
yor support lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
build Army nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy nap move smy
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move eng
bul move rum
eas convoy nap move smy
eng move wal
gal move vie
hol hold
ion convoy nap move smy
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn move stp
lvp move cly
nap move smy via convoy
nwy move ska
par move gas
pic move bur
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
syr move arm
ukr support sev move mos
wal move lvp
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bud move gal
bur move bel
cly move edi
con move bul/sc
eas move aeg
eng support wal move lon
gas move spa
hol support bur move bel
ion move tun
kie support den
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mos support lvn move stp
nth move den
pru move lvn
rum move gal
sev support mos
ska support nth move den
smy move con
ukr support mos
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move lon
yor move edi
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army nap
remove yor
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move smy
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul/sc move aeg
cly move nrg
con move bul
den hold
eng move nth
ion move tun
kie support den
lon support eng move nth
lvn move stp
lvp move cly
mos move sev
nth move nwy
rum move bud
sev move rum
ska support nth move nwy
stp move fin
swe support den
tun move naf
tys hold
ukr hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
