PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move con
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
sev support ukr move rum
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move pru
bla move con
bul move gre
con move bul
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
mos support stp move lvn
mun move sil
nth move den
par move bur
pie support ven move tyr
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe support nth move den
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
bla hold
bre move pic
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
ion move gre
lvn support war
mos move ukr
nth move hel
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
swe move bal
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal move swe
bel support ruh
ber support kie
bla move con
bud hold
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie hold
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mar support par move bur
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
por move mid
ruh support den move kie
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
swe move nwy
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move boh
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support tyr move vie
bud hold
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
gal move sil
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie hold
mid move nat
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support bel move hol
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
bel support hol
ber hold
bla hold
boh support mun
bud support tri move ser
bul support con move gre
bur move mun
con move gre
edi move yor
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move ber
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support ber
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move den
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum support mos move sev
ser move gre
sil support pru move ber
swe hold
tri move ser
ven move tyr
vie support boh
war move lvn
yor move den
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ber hold
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
den move kie
eas move aeg
gre support bul move ser
hel support den move kie
ion move gre
kie move bal
lvn move pru
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun hold
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
sev hold
sil move mun
swe hold
vie move tri
yor move den
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bal move den
bel support hol
ber hold
boh move mun
bud move rum
bul support gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
gre support bul
ion support aeg move gre
kie move mun
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
pru move sil
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bla
ser move bul
sil support kie move mun
smy support con move aeg
spa/sc move gol
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr support boh move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
bal support kie move ber
ber support kie move mun
bla convoy sev move ank
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
den move kie
gre support ser move bul
hel support den move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun hold
nwy support bar move stp/sc
pru hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move ank
sil hold
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support bla move con
bal support nwy move swe
bel support hol
bla move con
bul support bla move con
con support smy
edi move den
hel support kie
ion move tun
kie support ber
mar support pie
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move swe
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
rum move bud
sil support boh move mun
smy support con
stp hold
swe hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
war support pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
swe move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud move gal
bul support gre
con support ank move smy
den move kie
gre support bul
hel support den move kie
kie move ber
gol move wes
mar move pie
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
smy hold
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun support tys move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven move tus
war support pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
pru move lvn
smy move aeg
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove bel
remove ion
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
bar move nrg
ber support pru
bul move gre
bur support ruh move mun
con hold
gal move boh
gre move ion
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move pru
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth support swe move nwy
nwy move swe
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil move ber
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven support rom move tus
war support lvn move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber support pru
boh move mun
bot support fin move swe
bur move mun
con move bla
fin move swe
hel move den
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn move pru
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie support mun move tyr
sil support war move pru
smy move ank
spa move por
stp hold
tri move ven
tus support ven move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven move pie
war support lvn move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bal support den move swe
ber move kie
bla hold
bot move bal
bre move eng
bur support mar
den move swe
gal move boh
kie move mun
lvn move pru
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg move nat
nwy support den move swe
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support mun
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bal support ska move swe
bla hold
boh support mun
bot move bal
bur support mar
den support ska move swe
eng move bel
ion convoy gre move tun
kie support ber
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid support wes move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun support pru move ber
nat move iri
nwy support ska move swe
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh move bel
sil support pru move ber
ska move swe
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev
bal move bot
ber support mun move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move mun
bot move bal
bur support mar
den support kie
edi move nth
eng move bel
fin move swe
gre move alb
ion move tun
iri move eng
lon support iri move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mos move stp
mun move kie
pie move mar
por move spa
pru support ber
rom move tys
ruh support bur
sil support mun
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
ven move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move bot
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla hold
boh move mun
bot support fin move swe
bur support ruh move bel
den support kie
eng move mid
fin move swe
gol move mar
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nwy support swe
pie support gol move mar
pru support ber
ruh move bel
sev move ukr
sil support mun
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tun move wes
tys convoy tus move tun
ven move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support swe move bot
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move mun
bot move swe
den move ska
fin support stp move nwy
hol move hel
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid move bre
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nth support kie move hol
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rom move tys
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move nwy
swe move bot
tus move pie
tys move wes
ukr move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
England: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
England: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel support hol
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bot support bal move swe
bre hold
con move aeg
eng move wal
fin support nwy
gal move sil
hel move nth
kie move den
lvn move pru
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar move gas
mun move kie
nth move den
nrg move bar
pie move mar
por support spa/sc move mid
ska support nth move den
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
tri move ven
tys move gol
ven move pie
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
remove ska
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support swe move nwy
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
fin move swe
gas support mar move bur
hol support nth move bel
kie move den
gol move wes
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support stp
mun move ruh
nat support mid move iri
nth move bel
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
sev move bla
sil move boh
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp hold
swe move nwy
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army/dislodged bel
Italy: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Italy: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
bla move con
boh hold
bot move swe
bur move par
den support bot move swe
fin move nwy
gas support mid move bre
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support ruh move hol
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support stp
mun support ruh
nat move nrg
nwy support bar move stp/sc
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
sil hold
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tyr move pie
wal move lvp
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Italy: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp/sc
bel move nth
ber support kie
boh move mun
bre move eng
bur move bel
con move aeg
fin move nwy
gas move bre
hol hold
iri support bre move eng
kie move den
lvn hold
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos support stp
mun move kie
nrg move edi
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
rom move tys
sil support ber
spa/sc move mid
stp support fin move nwy
swe move fin
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ven move tus
war hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
boh move mun
bre support gas move par
edi move nth
eng move lon
fin support bar move stp/nc
gas move par
hol hold
iri move lvp
kie move den
lvn support stp
mid move eng
mos support stp
mun move bur
nat support iri move lvp
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy hold
sil hold
stp support nwy
swe support fin
tus move tun
tys convoy tus move tun
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move wal
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
