PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
nth move nwy
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support tri
spa move por
tri hold
tyr move boh
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
war hold
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move nth
eng hold
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol move kie
kie move bal
lon support eng
mid move iri
mun support ber move sil
nwy move nth
par move bre
por move spa
rum hold
ser move rum
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp move fin
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tri
vie move gal
war hold
yor move wal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move gre
alb support bud move ser
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel hold
bud move ser
con move aeg
den move swe
eas support con move aeg
eng hold
fin support swe
gal move war
gas move par
gre move bul
ion move alb
iri move eng
kie move lvn
lon support eng
mid support iri move eng
mun hold
nwy move stp/nc
rum move bul/ec
ser hold
sil support gal move war
spa move gas
swe hold
tri support vie move bud
tyr support tri
ukr move rum
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
remove swe
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal move swe
bel hold
bre move wal
bud support tyr move vie
con support smy move bul
den move nth
eas support aeg
edi move nrg
eng hold
fin move stp
gal support war move ukr
gas support par move bre
gre support ser
ion move aeg
iri convoy bre move wal
lon support eng
lvn move mos
lvp hold
mid convoy bre move wal
mos support fin move stp
mun hold
nap move apu
par move bre
rom move nap
rum move bla
ser hold
sil move war
smy move bul via convoy
stp/nc hold
tri support bud
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move adr
bel hold
bla support rum move sev
bud support tri move ser
con support gre move bul
eng move wal
fin move stp
gal move rum
gas support bre
gre move bul
ion move gre
iri support mid move eng
lon support eng move wal
lvn support war move mos
lvp support eng move wal
mid move eng
mos support fin move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg move edi
rum move sev
ser support gre move bul
smy move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tri move ser
ukr support gal move rum
vie support bud
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army/dislodged wal
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
wal move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
remove bla
remove fin
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
remove stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bel hold
ber move sil
bre move pic
bud support ser
bul support alb move ser
con move aeg
eas move ion
edi move yor
eng support yor move lon
gas move bur
ion move gre
iri move wal
kie move hel
lon support wal move eng
lvn move war
lvp support wal
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nwy move nth
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser support adr move alb
sev move arm
swe move ska
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move gal
wal move eng
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ion move gre
arm move ank
bel support mun move bur
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move ank
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gal support bud move rum
gas move mar
hel support ska move nth
ion move gre
iri move mid
lon support edi move nth
lvp move edi
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move nrg
pic move par
rum support war move gal
ser support ion move gre
sev support rum
sil hold
ska move nth
tri move vie
tys support nap move ion
wal move iri
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
remove iri
build Fleet kie
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
bel move bur
ber move kie
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move bla
edi move hol via convoy
eng support nth
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre support ion move aeg
hel move den
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon support nth
mid move spa/sc
mun support bel move bur
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nth
par move bur
rum support war move ukr
ser support gal move rum
sev move arm
sil move war
ska move den
smy move con
stp move nwy
tys move ion
ven hold
vie hold
war move ukr
yor move hol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
rum move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
alb move ion
arm move smy
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move ank
edi move bel via convoy
eng support nth
gas move bre
gre support rum move bul
hel move hol
ion move eas
kie move den
lon support nth
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg support ska move nth
nwy hold
par support mar move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bul move rum
ska move nth
smy hold
spa/sc support mar
ukr support sev
ven move pie
vie hold
war support ukr
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
bur move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
remove bla
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support con
ber move sil
bre move par
bul move con
bur move mar
con support smy
den support ska move nth
eas support aeg move smy
edi move bel via convoy
eng move bre
gas support bre move par
hol move bel
ion move tun
lon support nth
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg support ska move nth
nwy hold
par move gas
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move bel
ser support rum
sev hold
ska move nth
smy support con
spa/sc move mar
ukr support war
vie hold
war support ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
par move pic
smy move syr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bul move con
bur move par
con move ank
den move kie
eas support smy
edi hold
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hel move nth
hol support nth
ion move tys
lon support hel move nth
mun move kie
nth convoy nwy move edi
nrg support nwy move edi
nwy move edi
par move pic
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
sil move mun
smy support bul move con
spa/sc move mar
tun move wes
tys move gol
vie hold
war support ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move lvp
par move gas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army rom
remove syr
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
bla move sev
bre move gas
bur move par
con move ank
den move nth
eas move aeg
edi move lvp
gas support bur move par
hol support den move nth
lon hold
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nrg move nat
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum support bla move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move boh
smy move con
spa/sc support mar
tys move wes
ukr support war move gal
ven move pie
vie hold
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mun
sev move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
boh move vie
bre support mar move gas
bud support rum
bur move ruh
con move bla
edi move lvp
eng support gas move bre
gal move rum
gas move bre
hol move bel
ion move adr
lon hold
lvp hold
gol support wes move spa
mar support wes move spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun support tyr
nat support edi move lvp
nth move lon
par support mar move gas
pic move par
pie support mar
rum support bud
sev hold
spa/sc move mar
tyr support boh move vie
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move mid
lvp move yor
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move arm
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla support ank move arm
bre move gas
bud support tri move vie
con move bul/ec
eng move mid
gal move rum
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move yor
gol move wes
mid move por
mar move gas
mos support sev
mun support pic move bur
nat support eng move mid
nap move tys
nth support bel move eng
par support bre move gas
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum move gal
sev support gal move rum
spa/sc move mid
tri move vie
tyr move tri
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ser
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support bul/ec move rum
bud support vie
bul/ec move rum
bur move mar
eng support mid
gal support tyr move vie
gas move spa
lon hold
gol support spa/sc
mid support gas move spa
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move boh
nat support mid
nth support yor move lon
par move gas
pie support mar
por support gas move spa
rum move bud
ser support bud
sev hold
sil move war
spa/sc support mar
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie support bud
wes move naf
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move wal
rum move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
remove wal
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm support rum move sev
ber move kie
bla support rum move sev
boh move tyr
bud move vie
bur support gas move mar
eng move mid
gal support vie
gas move mar
kie move ruh
lon move nwy via convoy
gol support mar move spa
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun support boh move tyr
naf move mid
nat support eng move mid
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie move mar
por support spa
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev support ukr
sil move boh
spa support gas move mar
tri support bud move vie
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
war support ukr
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move sev
bla support rum
boh support vie
bud move vie
bur move par
eng move mid
gal move bud
kie move ruh
gol support wes move spa
mid move wes
mar support spa
mos support sev
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nat support eng move mid
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por support spa
ruh move bur
ser support rum
sev support ukr
tri support ven move tyr
tus support gol
tyr move pie
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
war support ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
