PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move mid
con move bul
kie move hol
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap move tys
par move pic
rom support ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move rum
mid move por
pic move par
rom support ven
rum move sev
spa hold
stp move nwy
tys move tun
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
con move aeg
gre support bul move ser
hol move bel
kie move den
mos move war
nap support tun move ion
rom support ven
rum move bud
sev hold
smy move eas
stp move lvn
swe move ska
tun move ion
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla move con
eas support aeg move ion
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser
ion move alb
lvn move pru
nap move ion
nwy move den
par hold
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser hold
sev move arm
ska support nwy move den
spa hold
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move smy
arm move bla
bud support gal move vie
con move aeg
eas move ion
gal move vie
gre move alb
ion move tun
nap move tys
nwy move den via convoy
pie move mar
pru move ber
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil support pru move ber
ska support nwy move den
ven support alb move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb move tun via convoy
ber move kie
bla move ank
bud move ser
ion convoy alb move tun
nwy move swe
rum move bul/ec
ser move tri
sil move ber
ska move den
smy move gre via convoy
tri hold
tun move wes
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army nap
remove ser
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank move con
ber move mun
bul/ec support ank move con
gre move bul
ion move eas
kie support ber move mun
mid hold
mos move war
par move gas
sev move rum
ska move nth
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tys move ion
ven move pie
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move syr
alb move gre
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move syr via convoy
con move bul/sc
eas convoy bul move syr
gas support spa
ion support alb move gre
kie move den
mid support spa
mun move kie
nth support kie move den
nwy move yor via convoy
rum support con move bul
sil move mun
spa move mar
tun move rom via convoy
tys convoy tun move rom
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army par
remove pie
remove rom
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
remove tys
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bla move con
bul/sc move gre
den move hol via convoy
eas move smy
gas support mar
gre move aeg
ion move nap
kie support den move hol
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nwy move yor via convoy
rum move bul
ser support bul/sc move gre
sev move bla
sil move mun
spa move mar
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
syr move arm
tri move ven
tys move nap
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
arm move ank
bla move con
bul support bla move con
den move kie
gre support ser move alb
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn move pru
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nwy move yor via convoy
ser move alb
sev move bla
sil move ber
smy move con
swe move ska
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
