PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
mid move por
pic move bel
pru move war
rum hold
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
spa hold
tri hold
tus move pie
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move sev
war move mos
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla hold
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
eng support nth move bel
hol move bel
kie move den
mos move war
mun move bur
nth move bel
par move bur
pic move bel
pie support tri move ven
rom support tri move ven
rum support bul move ser
ser move gre
sev move bla
sil move boh
smy move con
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move naf
ukr support mos move war
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla convoy con move arm
boh move tyr
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move arm
den move swe
hol move bel
mar move pie
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
rom support ven
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev hold
sil move boh
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move rum
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur support pie move mar
eng move mid
gal move sil
gre move alb
hol move bel
mar move pie
mos move stp
naf move mid
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move ven
ser move tri
sev hold
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri move ser
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move ser
bla move con
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move gre
den support hol move nth
eng move iri
hol move nth
mar move pie
naf move mid
nth move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
sil support pru move ber
stp move fin
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support bur move mun
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet lon
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tri
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla move sev
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move kie
eng move lon
fin move nwy
gre move alb
iri move mid
lon move nth
mar move pie
mun support den move kie
naf move mid
nth move den
nwy support lon move nth
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil move ber
swe support fin move nwy
tyr move boh
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move nap
alb move tri
ber support sil move mun
boh move sil
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur hold
den support kie
gre move alb
ion convoy smy move nap
iri move mid
kie support den
lon hold
mun support boh move sil
naf move mid
nth move hol
nwy hold
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
sil move mun
smy move nap
swe move den
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army con
build Army mos
remove naf
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
den support kie
gal move rum
gre move alb
ion move adr
kie support den
lon move nth
mar move gas
mos support war
mun support ber move kie
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move nap
ruh move hol
ser move bud
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri support bud move vie
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move tri
ank move arm
ber move kie
bla hold
boh move sil
bot move bal
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support gas move mar
con move gre
den support kie
gal move war
gas move mar
hol hold
kie support den
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos move war
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nwy hold
rom move nap
sil support mos move war
swe move den
tri move ven
ven support rom
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hel
ven disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove boh
build Fleet con
remove gal
remove hel
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre move bul
ank support con move bla
arm move sev
bal support swe move den
bla move sev
bud move gal
bur move gas
con move bla
den move hel
gre move bul
hol move kie
kie support mun move ruh
lon move nth
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nwy hold
rom move nap
rum support arm move sev
sil move mun
spa move por
swe move den
tri move tyr
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move tun
ank move arm
arm move ank
bal move ber
bla support ank move arm
boh support tyr move mun
bul move tun
den hold
gal move war
gas support spa
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
ion convoy bul move tun
kie move hol
lon move nth
mun hold
nap move rom
nwy move stp
por hold
pru move sil
rom move nap
ruh support mun
rum move sev
spa hold
tyr move mun
ven support nap move rom
war support pru move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move bel
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove hel
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
arm move bla
bel move pic
ber move bal
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ser
con move rum
den move hel
gal support rum move ukr
gas support spa
hol move kie
ion move tun
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
par move bur
por hold
rom move ven
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
spa move por
stp move mos
tyr move mun
ven move pie
war support mos move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move nap
arm move sev
bal move den
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move war
hel move nth
ion convoy smy move nap
kie move ber
mos hold
mun hold
pie move tyr
por hold
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy move nap
spa move por
stp support mos
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
war support sil move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move bla
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
den move nth
gal support lvn move war
hel support den move nth
ion move tys
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos hold
mun hold
nap move rom
pie support tyr
por hold
ruh support mun
sev support ukr move mos
spa move por
stp support mos
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move aeg
gal move vie
hel move nth
ion support rom move tun
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos hold
mun hold
nth move edi
pie move mar
por hold
rom move tun
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil support lvn move war
spa move por
stp support mos
tun move tys
tyr move mun
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
edi move nth
gal move ukr
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun support sil move ber
nth move eng
por hold
ruh support mun
sil move ber
spa move por
stp support mos
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud move vie
con move aeg
eng move mid
ion move tun
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move bel
pie hold
por hold
pru move ber
ruh move bur
rum support sev
ser move bud
sev hold
spa move por
stp move lvn
tun move tus
tyr move mun
tys support tun move tus
ukr support mos move sev
war support stp move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move eng
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
bud move gal
bur support kie move mun
con move aeg
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun hold
pie move tyr
por hold
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy move syr
spa move por
stp move lvn
tys move wes
ukr support mos move sev
vie support bud move gal
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Turkey: army/dislodged mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army/dislodged pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
pru move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
ber support pru move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
con move bla
eng move nth
gal support sev move ukr
ion move tys
lvn support war
mid support por move spa
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun hold
por move spa
pru move sil
ruh move hol
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
spa move por
syr move arm
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support mos move sev
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
spa move gas
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army stp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bur move bel
gal move war
lvn move pru
gol support spa move mar
mos support war
mun support sil move boh
nth move hol
rum move ukr
sil move boh
spa move mar
stp move lvn
syr move arm
tun move tus
tyr move mun
tys convoy tun move tus
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support nth move hol
boh support tyr move mun
gal move war
kie support mun
lvn move pru
mar hold
mos support war
mun support sil move boh
nth move hol
pru move ber
sev move mos
sil move boh
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army/dislodged hol
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move ruh
mos move stp
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support kie move ruh
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support ruh move mun
con move bul
gal support ukr move war
ion move tys
kie move ruh
gol support pie move mar
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
pie move mar
pru support war
ruh move mun
rum move bud
sil support war
stp move mos
tus move pie
tyr support ruh move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move spa
mun move kie
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber support kie move mun
bud move vie
gal support ukr move war
hol move nth
kie move mun
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa
mar move gas
mos support ukr move war
mun move bur
pie move mar
pru support war
ruh support kie move mun
sev move ukr
sil support kie move mun
spa move mar
stp move mos
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie move tyr
war hold
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army/dislodged spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move bur
ber support sil
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bla
gal support ukr move war
gas move bur
gol move mar
mos support ukr move war
mun support sil move boh
nth move eng
pie move mar
pru support war
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move mos
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move war
vie move boh
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Russia: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support ruh move bur
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bre support par move gas
eng support iri move mid
gal move boh
gas move bur
iri move mid
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mos move lvn
mun support boh move tyr
par move gas
pic move bur
pru support war
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev move mos
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tyr support gal move boh
ukr move war
vie support gal move boh
war hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gas disband
tyr move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army smy
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move bur
bla move sev
boh support tri move tyr
bud move gal
bur move par
eng support mid
gas move spa
lvn support sev move mos
gol move mar
mid hold
mun move boh
pie support gol move mar
pru move lvn
rum support bud move gal
sev move mos
sil support mun move boh
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tyr support mun move boh
ukr support sev move mos
vie support tri move tyr
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tyr move mun
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
boh move mun
bur support boh move mun
eng move nth
gal move war
lvn support stp move mos
mar move spa/sc
mos support gal move war
par move gas
pic move par
pie move mar
por support mar move spa/sc
rum move bud
sil support war
smy move syr
spa hold
stp move mos
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
