PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber support mun
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move yor
kie move den
lon move wal
lvp move wal
mar support par move gas
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move apu
par move gas
rom move tus via convoy
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie via convoy
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu move nap
ber move kie
bla hold
bul move gre
con move bul
den move ska
gas move spa
mid support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
mun hold
pie move tyr via convoy
rum support tri move ser
tri move ser
tus move ven via convoy
yor move nth
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support bul
bot move swe
bul support gre
gre support bul
ion move tun
kie support mun
lon move wal
lvn move war
lvp move yor
mid support spa move por
mar move gas
mun hold
par support mar move gas
rum support ser
ser support rum
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
spa move por
tri move adr
tyr hold
ukr hold
ven move pie via convoy
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul support gre
gre support bul
kie support mun
mid support por
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy hold
par move bur
pie support tyr
rum support ser
ser support rum
swe hold
tri support adr move ven
tun hold
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
war move ukr
yor support wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army par
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move bel
con move sev via convoy
gas move mar
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
mos support sev move ukr
mun hold
nth support yor move lon
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move spa
rum support ukr move sev
ser support rum
sev move ukr
swe move bal
tri support vie move tyr
tun move tys
ukr move sev
ven move adr
vie move tyr
wal support yor move lon
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move den
bla support bul move rum
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur support bel
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move hol
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move sev
mun hold
nap hold
nth support lon move hol
por move spa
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
ska move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move syr
bal move den
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support rum
bud support gal move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move bel via convoy
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bur
rom move tys
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
tun move ion
ukr support gal move rum
ven move rom
wal move eng
war move mos
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move smy
arm support syr move smy
bal move den
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support sev move arm
bud support rum
bul support gre
bur support ruh
eng move bel
gre support bul
hol hold
ion support tys move nap
kie move hel
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move rom
nth support bel move hol
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
ruh support bel move hol
rum support ukr move sev
sev move arm
spa move mar
syr move smy
tun move ion
tys move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove mar
build Army mos
remove rom
build Fleet tri
remove tun
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move con
arm move smy
bel move nth
bla support con move bul
bud support rum
bul support gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den move ska
gre support bul
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move tun
gol move wes
mos move war
nap move rom
nth move nrg
nwy move nth
pie support tyr
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
sev support ukr move rum
syr move arm
tri support ven
tyr hold
ukr move rum
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
mun move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
arm move sev
bel move nth
bla support sev move rum
bud support rum move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
gre support ser
hol move kie
mun hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie support tyr move ven
ruh support mun
rum move gal
ser support gre
sev move rum
ska hold
smy move con
tri support ven
tyr move ven
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bla support con move bul
bud support ser
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move boh
gre support ser
hol move kie
lon move den via convoy
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun support hol move kie
nth convoy lon move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
rom move tys
ruh support hol move kie
rum support ukr move gal
ser support gre
ska hold
stp move lvn
tri support ven
tun move wes
tyr support pie move ven
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support ukr move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bla support con move bul
boh move tyr
bud support ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal hold
gre support ser
kie hold
lvn move war
gol move tys
mun move boh
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move tus
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support bud
sev support rum
ska move den
tri support ven
tun move wes
tyr move vie
tys support tun move wes
ukr support gal
ven support tri
vie support boh move tyr
war move sil
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove sev
remove tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bla move con
boh move tyr
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
kie move ber
lvp move edi
gol move tys
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move ven
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud
sil move war
ska move swe
tun move wes
tus support pie move ven
tyr move pie
tys support tun move wes
ukr move gal
ven support tyr move pie
vie support bud
war move lvn
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
bud move ser
bul support ser
con move bla
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser
ion move alb
kie support mun move ber
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mun move ber
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser hold
stp support nwy move fin
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie support tri
war support ukr move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
bot support lvn move stp
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
fin support stp
gal move vie
gre move alb
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
nrg move bar
nwy support stp
par move bur
pie move tus
rom support pie move tus
ser move tri
ska move swe
stp hold
tun support tys move ion
tus support ven move rom
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move pru
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
bar support stp
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh move gal
bot support lvn move swe
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move bel
fin support stp
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn move swe via convoy
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support ber move sil
nth move ska
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rom hold
ser support tri
stp hold
swe move bal
tri hold
tun support ion move tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr support ven
tys move rom
ven support tyr
vie hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move nap
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
remove bot
build Fleet con
remove nap
build Army par
remove pie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support stp move lvn
bar move nrg
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bud support ven move tri
con move aeg
fin move stp
gre move ser
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nwy move swe
par move bur
pru move war
rom move tys
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
sil support ber move pru
ska move nth
smy move eas
stp move lvn
tri support ser move bud
tun support tys move wes
tus move rom
tyr support ven move tri
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes support rom move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
tri move alb
wes move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser
arm support sev
bal convoy swe move pru
boh move vie
bur move mar
eas move ion
gal move rum
lon move hol via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mos move sev
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move hol
pru move war
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
swe move pru via convoy
tri support vie move bud
tun move naf
tyr support tri
tys support naf move tun
ukr support gal move rum
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army lon
build Army par
remove vie
remove wes
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support ser
arm support sev
boh move vie
bre move par
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion support alb
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support war
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap hold
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
pru support war
rum support mos move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
sil move boh
stp move mos
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
war support gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support ser
arm support sev
bal support lvn
bud support rum
bur move ruh
gal support ukr move rum
ion support alb
kie move ber
lvn support war
gol move tys
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap move rom
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie move ven
pru support war
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil support war
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ukr move rum
vie support tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
remove mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb support ser
arm move sev
boh move vie
bud support rum
bur move mar
gal support vie move bud
ion move gre
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gol
nap move apu
par move bur
pru support war
ruh move mun
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev move bla
sil support war
smy move eas
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ser
apu support ion
bla support sev
bud move rum
bur move mun
eas move ion
gal support bud move rum
gre support eas move ion
ion hold
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap support ion
pru support war
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
tri move ser
tyr support tri
ukr support bud move rum
ven support tri
vie move bud
war support ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move tri
apu support tys move ion
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bul move rum
eas support gre move ion
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move adr
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support mos
mar move bur
mos support ukr move sev
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
pru move war
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move tri
sev support bul move rum
sil move gal
tri support vie move bud
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
France: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
France: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser
apu support tys move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bud move ser
bur move mun
eas move ion
gal move rum
gre support eas move ion
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvn support mos
mos support sev
nap support tys move ion
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
sil move war
tri support bud move ser
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ukr support gal move rum
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
ser disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove eas
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support gre
apu support tys move ion
arm move sev
bal move swe
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
gal move rum
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
pie move tus
rom support pie move tus
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
tri support adr move alb
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move pie
vie support mun move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
apu support ion
bla convoy bul move sev
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul move sev via convoy
bur move mun
gal move rum
ion support ser move gre
gol move tys
mos support sev
nap support ion
pru move war via convoy
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev support rum
tri support bud move ser
ukr support gal move rum
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
