PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support tyr move mun
con move aeg
den move swe
ion move tun
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pru move ber
ruh move hol
ser support tri
sil support tyr move mun
tyr move mun
ukr support bla move rum
ven hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move con
bel move pic
ber support kie move mun
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support con move bul
hol move ruh
kie move mun
lon move eng
mun support bur move ruh
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
por move mid
rom move nap
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil support war move pru
spa move gas
tri move alb
tun support nap move ion
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
bel support hol move ruh
ber move sil
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul/sc support gre
bur support tyr move mun
con support bul/sc
den move swe
eng support bel
gas move bre
hol move ruh
ion move gre
mid move nat
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth support eng
nwy support den move swe
par move pic
pru support sil move ber
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move ber
tun support nap move ion
tyr move mun
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
mun move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel support mun move bur
ber move kie
bot move bal
bre hold
bul/sc move aeg
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
eng move mid
gre support con move bul
ion move eas
kie move ber
lvp move nat
mid move eng
mun support bur move ruh
nat move lvp
nap move ion
nth support bel
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pru move war
ruh support bel move bur
rum move ukr
sev move rum
sil support kie move ber
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tun support nap move ion
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal move kie
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber hold
bre move cly via convoy
bul/sc move aeg
bur support mun
con move bul
eng move mid
gre hold
ion move eas
lvp move nat
mid convoy bre move cly
mun move kie
nat convoy bre move cly
nap move ion
nth support bel
pic support bur
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sil support ber
smy move arm
stp move mos
swe move den
tun support nap move ion
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm move sev
bal move bot
bel move bur
ber support sil move pru
bul/sc move gre
bur support mun
cly support nat move lvp
con move bul
den move swe
eng move pic
gre move alb
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lvp move nat
mid move bre
mun hold
nat move lvp
nap move apu
nth move bel
nrg move cly
pic move bre
pru move lvn
ruh support bel move bur
rum move sev
sil move pru
stp move mos
tun move ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move sil
bot move lvn
bud support tyr move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
eas move ion
eng move bre
gre support eas move ion
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move mos
lvp move nat
nrg move edi
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move tri
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
vie move bud
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bur
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move sil
boh move vie
bot move fin
bre support bel move pic
bud support ser move tri
bul support alb move ser
edi move nrg
gre move ion
ion move apu
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move nat
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun move boh
pru support sil move war
rum move sev
ser move tri
sil move war
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri support boh move vie
tys move tun
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army/dislodged pic
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
boh move vie
bot move swe
bre support eng move mid
bud support gre move ser
bul support ion move gre
eng move mid
fin support lvn move stp
gas move par
gre move ser
ion move gre
kie move ber
lvn move stp
lvp move nat
mid move spa/nc
mos support lvn move stp
mun support sil move boh
nat move nrg
nrg support lvp move nat
pic move eng
pru support war
rum move sev
ser support ion move gre
sil move boh
smy move con
stp move mos
tri support boh move vie
ven support tri
vie support bud
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet/dislodged nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
nat move iri
ser move alb
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet rom
remove rum
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
ber move pru
boh support mun move tyr
bre support mid
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move ank
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move wal
fin move bot
gre move aeg
iri move mid
kie hold
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mid support nat move iri
mos support pru move war
mun move tyr
nat move iri
nap move ion
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move gas
pru move war
rom move nap
ser move bud
spa/nc support iri move mid
stp move nwy
swe support edi move nwy
tri move bud
tun move ion
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
eng move nth
gal move rum
gas support mid move spa
gre move bul
iri support bre move mid
kie move hol
lvn move mos
lvp move nat
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
nrg move bar
nwy support mos move stp
pru move lvn
rom support tun move tys
rum move bud
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
spa/nc move por
stp move fin
swe move bot
tri hold
tun move tys
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move mos
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
gas move mar
hol hold
kie move den
mid move por
pru move war
swe support kie move den
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
vie support gal move bud
