PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move rum
con move bul
hol support pic move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
lon move nth
nap move tun via convoy
nth move nwy
pic move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa move por
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ukr support sev move rum
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move bal
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud move tri
con support bul
edi move nth
hol move nth
ion move tys
lon move hol via convoy
mid convoy por move gas
mos move ukr
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move ska
par move pic
por move gas via convoy
rom support tri move ven
rum support sev
ser support bud move tri
sev support rum
smy move aeg
swe support nth move den
tri move ven
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support den
bel hold
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
den hold
edi move yor
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move vie
gas move mar
gre hold
hol move nth
kie support den
mid move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth move den
pic move wal via convoy
pie move ven
rom support ven
rum support sev
ser support gre
sev support rum
ska support nth
swe support nth move den
tri support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven support mun move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army par
remove pie
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal support den
bel move lon via convoy
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
eng convoy bel move lon
gal support vie
gre hold
hol move nth
kie support den
lon move wal
gol move tys
mar hold
mun move ber
par move bur
rom support ven
rum hold
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move boh
ska move den
spa/sc hold
stp/nc hold
swe support nth move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support sil move boh
wal support bel move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support den move swe
ber move mun
boh support vie
bud support tri move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
den move swe
eng support hol move nth
gal support rum move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
kie move den
lon hold
mar move pie
nth support yor move lon
rom support ven
rum move bud
sev move rum
ska move nwy
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys move ion
vie support rum move bud
wal move lvp
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army/dislodged lon
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
gre move alb
lon move wal
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel move nth
ber move lvn via convoy
boh move tyr
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den support swe
eng move lon
fin move bot
gal support bud
gre hold
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvp move yor
mun hold
pie move ven
rom move ven
rum hold
ser support tri
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri support ser
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal support eng move lon
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
bal move bot
bel move nth
ber move pru
bot move swe
bud move tri
den support swe
gal move bud
gre move alb
lon support bel move nth
lvn move mos
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mun hold
nth move hol
nwy support bot move swe
pie move ven
rom support ven
rum hold
ser support bud move tri
swe support den
tri move bud
tyr move boh
tys move gol
vie support bud move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
remove ska
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support swe
bla hold
boh move sil
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
den move kie
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move adr
mos hold
mun hold
nth move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
pru move lvn
rum move sev
ser support tri
swe hold
tri support ser
vie hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bal move ber
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move rum
den support swe
edi hold
gal move war
gre move nap via convoy
hol move bel
ion support gre move nap
lon move nth
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos support pru move war
mun move sil
nth move hol
nwy support bot move swe
pie support tus move ven
pru move war
rom support ven
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil move pru
swe hold
tri support ser move bud
tus move ven
tys move wes
vie move boh
wal hold
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army con
build Army mun
remove nwy
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move bal
bla convoy con move sev
boh move vie
den hold
edi hold
eng move bel
gal support ukr move rum
gre move alb
hol support bel
gol support tus
mar move spa/sc
mos hold
mun move tyr
nth support eng move bel
pie move ven
rom support ven
rum support con move sev
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tus support pie move ven
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven support rom
wal move lon
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
alb move nap via convoy
bal hold
bel move pic
bla support bul move rum
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
edi hold
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion convoy alb move nap
lon hold
gol support spa/sc move wes
mos move stp
nth move eng
nwy hold
pic move bre
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum support gal move bud
sev support rum
spa/sc move wes
tri support bud
tus support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
ukr support rum
ven move rom
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove con
remove gal
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move ser
apu support rom
bal move den
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support bul
bre move gas
bud support tri
bul hold
den move kie
edi hold
eng support pic move bre
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mun move boh
nwy move stp
pic move bre
rom support apu
rum support vie move bud
sev support rum
stp move mos
tri support bud
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
ven support tus move rom
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rom move nap
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move rom
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move rum
den move nth
edi hold
eng support bre
gal support boh move vie
gas move mid
ion move nap
kie move ruh
lon hold
mid move por
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap support apu move rom
por move spa/sc
rom support ion move nap
rum move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move mos
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev disband
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
ber move sil
bla support rum
boh move gal
bud move gal
con move bul
edi move yor
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move bud
gas move bre
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move pic via convoy
mid move nat
mos move sev
par move bur
por move mid
rom support ion move nap
rum support bud
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
tri support gal move bud
tyr support tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu move nap
arm move smy
bel hold
ber move sil
bla move ank
boh support vie
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support eng move bel
eng move bel
gal move ukr
mid move nat
mun support tyr
nat move lvp
nth support bel
pic support eng move bel
rom support ven
ruh support bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil move gal
spa/sc move wes
tri support ven move tyr
tyr support vie
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie support tyr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
remove nat
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank support con
arm move ank
bel hold
ber move sil
boh support sil move gal
bre move eng
bud support rum
bur support pic move bel
con support ank
eng move lon
kie move ruh
mid move nat
mar move gol
mun support ruh move bur
nth support bel
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum support bud
sev support ukr move rum
sil move gal
smy support arm move ank
tri support bud
tun move ion
tyr hold
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
rum move bul
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move eng
boh move vie
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur support ruh move bel
con move smy
eng move bel
gal support vie move bud
gas hold
ion move aeg
lon move nth
gol move mar
mun support bur
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move nrg
pic move par
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum move ser
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move con
tri support bud
tyr move tri
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move smy
ank move arm
arm support smy move ank
bel support nth
ber move kie
boh move gal
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur hold
con support aeg move smy
edi hold
eng support lon move nth
gal move rum
gas move bur
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
mar hold
mun support bur
nat hold
nth hold
par support gas move bur
ser move tri
sev support gal move rum
smy move ank
tus move tun via convoy
tyr support ser move tri
tys convoy tus move tun
ven move tyr
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Germany: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
tri move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Germany: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support ser
ank hold
arm support ank
bel support den move nth
bla support con move ank
bud support rum move ser
bur hold
con move ank
den move nth
eng support lon move nth
gal move rum
gas move bur
gre move bul/sc
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar hold
nth move nrg
par support gas move bur
ruh support bur
rum move ser
ser support alb
sev support gal move rum
tri move alb
tun hold
tyr support vie move tri
tys move nap
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Germany: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
