PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
nap move tys
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move war
hol hold
kie move den
lvn move war
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rom move tun
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bul move rum
tri move alb
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army tri
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move rum via convoy
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move rum
bur support nth move bel
con move bul
den hold
gal support rum move ukr
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move spa/sc
mun move sil
nth move bel
nrg hold
nwy hold
par move pic
por move mid
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sev support rum move ukr
spa move gas
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel support nth move hol
bla move bul/ec
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move swe
gal move vie
gas move bur
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
mid hold
nth move hol
nrg support nth
nwy move stp
pic support bel
pru move war
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
spa/sc hold
tri support gal move vie
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove den
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove swe
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support edi move nth
bul/ec move bla
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move nth
gre move bul
hel support nth move hol
hol move kie
lon support edi move nth
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mid support spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
mun move ber
nap support tys move ion
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rum support con move bul
sev move ukr
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid
tri move bud
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support bud move tri
bel move hol
bla support sev move rum
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
gal move vie
gre support alb
hel move den
hol hold
ion move eas
kie support bel move hol
lon move nth
mid move eng
mos support ukr
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move swe
pic move bel
ruh support hol
rum move gal
sev move rum
sil move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tri move ven
ukr support rum move gal
ven move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
remove tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
alb move gre
apu move nap
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla move con
bre move eng
bur support bel
eas move aeg
eng move nth
gal support ukr move war
gre move ser
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
iri move eng
kie move den
lon support nth
lvp move wal
mid support bre move eng
mos support ukr move war
mun support ber move kie
nth support hol move bel
ruh support ber move kie
rum support gre move ser
ser move bul
smy move eas
stp support war move mos
swe support kie move den
tri move ser
ukr move war
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eas move syr
mos move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
bel move hol
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul support tri move ser
bur support eng move bel
con move bul/sc
den support nth
eas move smy
eng move bel
gal support rum
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
iri support lon move eng
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid support bre move eng
mos hold
mun support ruh move kie
nap support ion
nth support lon move eng
ruh move kie
rum support con move bul
ser move gre
sev move mos
stp support mos
swe move bal
syr move smy
tri move ser
ven hold
wal support lon move eng
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
eng move pic
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal support ber move kie
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc support con move aeg
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den support ber move kie
eas move smy
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move ser
ion move eas
iri support eng move mid
kie move hol
mid support bre move eng
mar move spa/sc
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth support hol
pic support bel
rum support gre move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev move mos
stp support mos
syr support ion move eas
tri move bud
wal move eng
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
kie move mun
mid move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal support den move kie
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc hold
den move kie
eas support syr move smy
gal move bud
gre move ser
ion move gre
iri support mid move eng
mid move eng
mun support ber
nth support hol
pic support bel
por support spa/sc move mid
ruh move hol
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev move mos
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos
syr move smy
ven hold
wal support mid move eng
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bal support kie
bel support hol
ber support kie
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support aeg
den support kie
eas support ion move aeg
eng hold
gal move ukr
gre support bul/sc
ion move aeg
iri support eng
mid support bre move eng
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth support hol
pic support bel
por support mid
ruh support bel
rum support bul/sc
ser move rum
sev support gal move ukr
smy move con
stp support mos
tri move vie
vie move gal
wal support eng
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bal support kie
bel support hol
ber support mun move kie
bre support por move mid
bud support rum
bul/sc support aeg
con support ion move aeg
den support kie
eas move smy
eng hold
gal move war
gre support bul/sc
ion move aeg
iri support eng
mid move nat
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth support hol
pic support bel
por move mid
ruh support mun move kie
sev support war move mos
stp support mos
ukr support war move mos
ven hold
vie move tri
wal support eng
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove gre
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal support kie
bel move hol
ber support kie
bre support mid
bud move ser
bul/sc move aeg
con move ank
den support kie
eng move mid
ion hold
iri support eng move mid
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nth support hol
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh support bel move hol
sev move arm
smy move con
stp hold
tri move alb
ukr hold
ven move pie
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move gre
ank hold
arm move syr
bal support kie
bel move hol
ber support kie
bre support mid move eng
con move bul/sc
den support kie
eas move syr
eng move mid
gal move ukr
hol support kie
ion hold
iri support eng move mid
kie support hol
lvn move mos
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mun support ber
nth move edi
nrg move nth
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support bel move hol
rum move sev
ser support alb
stp move nwy
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
remove eas
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army rom
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move syr
bal support kie
bel support ruh move bur
ber support kie
bre support nth move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
den support kie
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
iri support eng
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mun support ber
nap move apu
nth move eng
nwy hold
rom move ven
ruh move bur
ser move bul
sev move mos
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lon
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/sc move con
nth move yor
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
apu move adr
bal move ber
bel support hol
ber support mun
bla move sev
boh move sil
bre move eng
bur move mar
con hold
den support kie
eng support iri move mid
iri move mid
lon support eng
mun support kie
nth move edi
nwy move stp
rum support bul
spa/sc support bur move mar
syr move smy
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
war support boh move sil
wes move spa/sc
yor move nth
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support con move smy
alb move tri
bal support kie
bel move bur
ber support kie
bre move mid
bud support alb move tri
bul support rum move con
con move smy
den support kie
edi move nth
eng support hol move bel
gas support mid move spa
lon support eng
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support rum move sev
mun support ber
nth move bel
par support bel move bur
rum move sev
sev move bla
sil move boh
smy move ank
spa/sc support bre move mid
stp move nwy
tri move vie
ven move tri
war move gal
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
alb move tri
ank move con
bal support kie
bel move eng
ber support kie
bla support aeg move con
boh support gal move vie
bud support gal move vie
bul move con
bur support par move gas
den support kie
eng move iri
gal move vie
gas move mar
lon move eng
mid move bre
mar support por move spa
mos support sev
mun support kie
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp
par move gas
por move spa/sc
spa/sc hold
ven move tri
vie move bud
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support vie move tri
ank move arm
bal support kie
bel move eng
ber support mun
bla support con move ank
boh move tyr
bre support bel move eng
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
con move ank
den move hel
eng support nth move bel
gas support por move spa
gre move bul
iri support eng
lvp move nat
mar support por move spa
mos support sev
mun support kie
nth move bel
por move spa/sc
sev support mos
smy move con
spa/sc hold
stp hold
tri move ser
tyr move ven
vie move tri
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb move ser
arm move smy
bal support kie
bel support hel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla support ser move bul
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul support alb move ser
con move smy
eng support bel
gas support pic move bre
hel move hol
iri support eng
gol move pie
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move kie
nat move mid
pic move bre
rum support alb move ser
ser move bul
sev support mos
spa/sc support bre move mid
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank move arm
bal support kie
bel support eng move pic
ber support mun move kie
bla move bul/ec
bre support pic
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move aeg
eng move pic
gas move bur
hol support bel
iri support nat move mid
lon move eng
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move kie
nat move mid
nap move ion
pic support bre
pie hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support mos
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven support pie
vie move boh
wes support nat move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move con
arm move sev
bal support kie
bel move pic
ber support kie
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bre move mid
bur support mun
eng support mid move bre
hol move bel
ion support gre
iri move mid
lon move nth
mid move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun support ber
pic move bre
pie hold
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev support mos
spa/sc support bre move mid
stp move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven support pie
wes support iri move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Italy: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army rom
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
bal support kie
bel support eng
ber support mun
bla support sev
bre move mid
bul support rum
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
eng support iri move mid
gre move alb
hol support bel
ion move gre
iri move mid
mid move por
mar move spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ber
nth move hel
pic move bre
pie hold
rom move ven
rum support ukr move sev
ser support tri
sev hold
sil move pru
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ukr move sev
ven move tri
wes support iri move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ven move tri
bal support hel move kie
bel move pic
ber support kie
bla support sev move rum
bre move mid
bul support ser
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
eng support mid move bre
gre support con move bul
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
iri move mid
kie move den
mid move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos support ukr move sev
mun support kie
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum support bul
ser support tri
sev move rum
spa/sc support bre move mid
stp move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
ven move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Italy: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
tri move vie
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support tri move ser
bal support stp move lvn
bel support eng move pic
ber support den move kie
bla move arm
bre support eng move pic
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move pic
gas move spa/nc
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn move stp
mid support bre
mar support gas move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
nap move tys
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move ven
ser support tyr move tri
sev move rum
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ven move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bud
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ven move tri
arm support rum move sev
bal support stp move lvn
bel move nth
ber support mun
bre support mid
bud support sev move rum
bul/sc move con
gas move spa/nc
gre move ion
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn move stp
mid support bre
mar support gas move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
nth move den
pic move eng
pie move mar
por support gas move spa
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ven move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Italy: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lvn
remove mos
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
arm move bla
bal hold
bre support mid
bud support tyr move tri
con move bul/ec
den move swe
eng support mid
hol support kie
ion convoy nap move gre
gol support pie move mar
nap move gre
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom move apu
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
stp support nth move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr support bud move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
nwy move fin
tyr move boh
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
apu move alb
bal move ber
ber move kie
bla support bul/ec move rum
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud move rum
bul/ec move rum
den move swe
eng support bre
gas support par move bre
gre move bul
hol support kie
ion convoy apu move alb
kie support bal move ber
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun support ber move kie
nwy hold
par move bre
por support spa/nc move mid
rum move gal
sev support bul/ec move rum
spa/nc move mid
stp hold
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ukr support bud move rum
ven move tri
vie support boh move tyr
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
tyr disband
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove por
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
ber hold
bla move con
bre hold
bud support tyr move tri
bul move rum
edi move nrg
eng support bre
gal support tri move bud
gas move bre
hol hold
kie hold
lon hold
lvp move edi
gol hold
mar hold
mun move ruh
nwy move nth
par move pic
rum move bla
ser support tri move bud
sev support bul move rum
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven support alb move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
ber move kie
bla hold
bud move vie
con hold
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support bre
gal move war
gas move bre
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move hol
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support gal move war
nth support hol move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic support gas move bre
por hold
ruh move bel
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev hold
tri support bud move vie
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gas
build Fleet lvp
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove rum
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move rum
bre hold
bud move vie
con move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
gal support bud move vie
hol support bel
ion convoy nap move alb
lon move wal
lvp move iri
nap move alb
nth hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support ruh move bel
por move spa/sc
rom move apu
ruh move bel
ser move tri
sev hold
spa/sc move gol
tri move tyr
tyr move tri
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
war hold
wes hold
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
alb move ser
apu move alb
bal convoy swe move ber
boh move mun
gal move boh
hol support bel
iri convoy wal move gas
mid convoy wal move gas
nth convoy nwy move den
nwy move den via convoy
pic move bre
pie move tyr
ruh support boh move mun
swe move ber via convoy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
vie support gal move boh
wal move gas via convoy
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lvp
remove pie
build Army rom
remove ruh
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
boh support tyr move mun
den move kie
gas move bur
iri convoy lvp move gas
kie move hel
lvp move gas via convoy
mid convoy lvp move gas
pic move par
rum move bla
ser move bud
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud move rum
bur move par
gas support bur move par
kie move ruh
par move bre
ruh move mun
ser move bud
tyr support mun
vie move gal
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
remove pic
remove ruh
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
