PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bla move rum
bot move swe
bul support bla move rum
bur move bel
den move swe
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move mun
mid move por
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
ukr support rum
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move sil
bla support sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
den move swe
gal move war
hol move kie
ion convoy tun move apu
kie move bal
mar move gol
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
par move pic
por move mid
rum move sev
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
spa move mar
tri move alb
tun move apu via convoy
ukr support rum move sev
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sil move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move rom
arm move sev
bal support den move swe
bla support rum
boh move vie
bot move bal
bud move vie
den move swe
eng convoy pic move lon
gal move war
kie move ber
gol move wes
mid move iri
mar hold
mun move boh
pic move lon via convoy
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil support mun move boh
ukr move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move sev
bal move bot
ber move pru
bla support rum
boh support sil move gal
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul/sc move aeg
eng move nth
gal move war
gre support alb move ion
iri move lvp
kie move den
mar move pie
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tys support ion
ukr move mos
vie support bud move gal
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
arm move sev
bla move bul/ec
boh move tyr
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
den move hel
eas move ion
eng move nth
gre support eas move ion
ion move tun
lvn move stp
nth move edi
nwy support bot move stp
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
rom hold
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil move war
tys support ion move tun
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gal
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove ser
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move sil
boh move gal
bud move gal
bul/ec move con
gre move alb
hel move hol
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn move war
mos hold
mun move boh
nwy move ska
pru move lvn
rom move nap
rum support bud move gal
sev move mos
stp/sc support pru move lvn
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
boh support sil move gal
con move aeg
edi move nrg
gal move war
hol move hel
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mos support gal move war
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth hold
pie move mar
rum move gal
sil move gal
ska move den
tri move ven
tys move wes
ukr support mos
war support lvn move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb move adr
apu move ven
bel move bur
boh move vie
bre support iri move mid
bud support vie
con move bul
den move ska
gal move ukr
hel hold
iri move mid
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move mos
gol move mar
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
nth convoy lon move bel
rom move tus
rum move ukr
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp/sc hold
tri support vie
tyr support boh move vie
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie support tri
war support lvn move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
apu move nap
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur support pie move mar
gal move ukr
hel move hol
ion support tys move nap
lvn support war move mos
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
mun move boh
pie move mar
rum move sev
ska move nwy
spa/sc move por
stp/sc support lvn
tri support vie
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie support tri
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army con
remove por
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move bla
apu move nap
boh move vie
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move bul
gas support mar move spa
hol hold
ion move tys
lvn move war
gol support tus move tys
mid move por
mar move spa
mos support lvn move war
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy hold
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie
tun support ion move tys
tus move tys
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support lvn move war
ven move rom
vie support bud move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support bul move apu
aeg convoy bul move apu
alb support tri
apu move rom
boh move gal
bot move lvn
bul move apu
gal move war
gas move mid
hol hold
ion convoy bul move apu
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy move swe
pru move war
sev support ukr move mos
tri support vie
tun move tys
tus support gol move tys
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb move adr
apu support nap move rom
ber move pru
bla move con
boh move gal
gal support vie
ion move tys
lvn support ber move pru
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support pru move lvn
nap move rom
par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
sev support mos
sil support ber move pru
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri support adr move ven
tun support ion move tys
tyr move vie
tys move rom
ven move tri
vie support gal
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move tus
ven disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu move rom
bal move den
boh support sil move gal
bur move mar
con move aeg
gal support sev move ukr
ion move tun
lvn move bal
gol convoy mar move naf
mar move naf via convoy
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rom move tus
sev support mos
sil move gal
spa/sc support wes
stp move mos
tri support vie
tun move naf
tus move tys
tyr support pie move ven
tys support rom move tus
vie support gal
war support stp move mos
wes convoy mar move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army con
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
ank move arm
boh move vie
bud move vie
con move bul
gal move war
ion move tun
lvn support stp move mos
gol move wes
mar move pie
nth move eng
nrg move nth
pie move tus
rom move tus
sev support mos
sil support war
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri support vie move tyr
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tus move gol
vie move tyr
war support stp move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move mun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move war
ion move tun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tys move wes
mar move pie
mos support gal move war
mun move tyr
nth move eng
pie support mun move tyr
rom move tus
sev move ukr
sil move war
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri support bud move vie
tun move naf
tyr support bud move vie
tys move wes
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move bot
boh support sil move gal
bre move mid
bud support gal
hol move nth
ion move tun
lvn move mos
gol support tys move wes
mid move naf
mar support pie
mos move ukr
mun support tyr
naf support tys move wes
pie move tus
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move gal
spa/sc move gol
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tyr support pie move ven
tys move wes
vie support gal
war support sil move gal
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
boh support sil move gal
bre move gas
bud move gal
gal move war
ion move tun
lvn support mos
gol support tun move wes
mid move naf
mos move ukr
mun support tyr
naf support tun move wes
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
rum support ukr
sev support ukr
sil move gal
spa/sc support wes move gol
tri support vie
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys support tun move wes
ukr support gal move war
vie support tri
war support sil move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
boh move vie
bud support vie
bur move mar
eng support gas move mid
gal support war move ukr
gas move mid
lvn move war
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun support tyr
naf support wes
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
pie move ven
rum move gal
sev support ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri support vie
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys move tus
ukr support rum move gal
war move ukr
wes support naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
boh move vie
bot move bal
bud move gal
eng move nth
gal support boh move vie
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mid move naf
mos hold
mun support tyr
naf support tun move wes
nat move iri
pie move tus
rom move tus
rum move gal
sev support ukr
spa/sc support wes
tri support vie
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tus move gol
ukr support rum move gal
vie support bud move gal
war support gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn
boh move vie
bre move eng
gal support boh move vie
lvn support mos
gol support rom move tus
mid move naf
mos support war move ukr
mun support tyr
pie move tus
rom move tus
rum support ukr
sev support ukr
spa/sc support wes move gol
tun support naf
tyr support boh move vie
tys support gol
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
