PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm support bla move sev
bla move sev
bot move swe
bur move bel
den hold
edi move bel
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie support mun
mid move por
mar move spa
mun hold
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
ber support mun
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move yor
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy support lon move nth
par move pic
por move mid
ser move bul
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tun move tys
tyr move boh
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bel support bur
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud move ser
bul move con
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
den move hel
gal support rum
gas hold
gre move aeg
hel support nth move hol
ion support gre move aeg
mid hold
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move hol
nwy hold
pic support bel
rum support ukr move sev
sev move rum
swe hold
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr support mos move sev
war hold
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
mun move kie
sev move bla
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
bel support bur move ruh
ber support kie move mun
bla support con move bul
boh support mun
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move hel
gal move sil
gas move bur
hel move kie
ion move eas
kie move mun
mos move war
mun support bur move ruh
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy hold
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move pru
yor move hol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move ank
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul hold
con support smy
den move hel
eas move smy
gal support sil move war
hel move hol
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
nth support hel move hol
nwy hold
pru move ber
rum move ukr
ser support bul
sev move arm
sil move war
smy hold
swe move nwy
tyr support mun
war hold
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
remove smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm move smy
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla move ank
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support ruh
con move smy
eas move syr
gal support bud move rum
hel move hol
hol support nth move hel
ion move eas
kie support hel move hol
lon move nth
mid move eng
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move hel
nwy support lon move nth
pic move bel
pru move war
ruh support bel move hol
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil move pru
tyr support mun
ukr support rum move sev
war move mos
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
ank move con
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie
bla move con
bul support con
bur move ruh
con support syr move smy
eas support syr move smy
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
hel move hol
hol hold
kie support hel move hol
lon support nth
mos support pru move war
mun hold
nth support hol
nwy hold
pic move wal
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum support sev
sev support war move mos
sil move pru
swe move den
syr move smy
tyr support mun
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
yor move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove hel
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank hold
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move smy
eas move ion
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
hol support nwy move nth
kie support ber
lon hold
mos move stp
mun support sil
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy move nth
pic move wal
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum move sev
sev move arm
sil support mun
smy move eas
stp hold
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
arm support smy move ank
bel support hol
boh move sil
con support smy move ank
den move kie
eas move ion
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
hel move nth
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tys
lon support nth move eng
mid move iri
mos support war move lvn
mun support sil move ber
nth move eng
pic move wal
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sil move ber
smy move ank
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
war move lvn
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
eng move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move kie
con move bul
eng support lon move nth
hol support kie
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support bel move ruh
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move nrg
par move gas
pic move bur
rom move tys
sev move mos
sil support war move pru
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move kie
boh move mun
bul move rum
eng move nth
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move yor
mid support por move spa
mar support mun move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
par move gas
pic move bur
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
pru hold
ruh support kie move mun
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move por
stp move fin
tun move naf
tyr move pie
tys move gol
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove hol
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur support mar move gas
den move kie
fin move swe
gas move par
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa/sc
mid support por move spa
mar move gas
mos move stp
naf support wes move mid
nth move bel
nwy support bar move stp
pic move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support kie move mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move fin
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move mid
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mid move eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bar support nwy
bel hold
ber support den move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur support gas move par
den move hel
eng move bre
fin move nwy
gas move par
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mid move iri
mar support bur
mos move stp
naf support wes move mid
nwy support den move swe
par support pic
pic support par
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe support fin move nwy
tyr support sil move mun
ven move tri
war move sil
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
remove pic
remove tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel move eng
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move gas
bud move gal
bur support gas move par
fin support stp move nwy
gas move par
iri move eng
kie move mun
lon move yor
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move iri
mid move iri
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nwy support bar move stp
par support ruh move bur
pie hold
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh move bur
sev move mos
sil hold
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr support mun
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move den
mid move nat
nwy move ska
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bur support mun move ruh
den support ruh move kie
fin move swe
gas move bre
iri move eng
kie support mun move ruh
lvn support stp
mid support gas move bre
mar move gas
mos support stp
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nwy support fin move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move kie
ska move nth
spa/sc move por
stp support nwy
swe move den
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
wes support mid
yor support lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove por
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre support gas move par
bur move bel
den move kie
eng support bur move bel
fin support nwy
gas move par
hol move bel
lvn support stp
lvp move nat
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun support kie
nap move ion
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh support bur move bel
sil support ber
spa/sc move por
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tyr support mun
ven move tri
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel support kie move hol
ber support mun move kie
bre move pic
den move kie
eng support bel
fin move swe
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move hol
lon hold
lvn support stp
lvp move cly
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth support hol move bel
nrg move edi
par support bre move pic
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri move ser
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet edi
Austria: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
build Fleet nap
remove nth
remove nrg
build Army rom
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet edi
Austria: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
bur move par
cly move lvp
den move kie
edi move yor
eng convoy pic move wal
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie move den
lon hold
mid move iri
nat move cly
nap move ion
pic move wal
por move mid
rom move ven
ser move bul
swe support kie move den
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
France: supply den
Austria: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bud support vie move tri
cly move lvp
eng move lon
iri support cly move lvp
lon move wal
lvp move cly
mid move nat
sil move ber
swe support den
vie move tri
wal support eng move lon
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
France: supply den
Austria: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet yor
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Austria: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet yor
ORDERS
