PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bur move bel
gal support ukr move rum
hol support yor move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa hold
tri move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla support bul
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move nwy
mos move ukr
mun support bel move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rum support gal move bud
ser support vie move tri
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri support bul move ser
tun support nap move ion
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support nth move eng
bla support bul
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bud support gal move vie
bul support ion move gre
bur move pic
con support bul
den move kie
gal move vie
gas move bur
gre support ser move bul
ion move gre
kie move ruh
mid move iri
mar support gas move bur
mun move boh
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par support gas move bur
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move war
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support pic
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
bud support rum move ser
bur hold
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre support ser move bul
ion move alb
iri move lvp
kie move mun
mid move eng
mar move gas
mun move sil
nap move ion
nrg move cly
nwy hold
par support bur
pic support ruh move bur
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move pru
swe move fin
tri support vie
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ukr move war
vie support boh move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
bel support pic
bla support con move bul
bud move gal
bul support gre
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con move bul
eng support pic move bre
fin support nwy move stp
gal move ukr
gas move bre
gre hold
ion support alb move gre
lvp hold
mid move spa/sc
mun support ruh move bur
nwy move stp
par support gas move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh move bur
ser support bud
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie move bud
ukr support war
vie move bud
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
remove rum
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel support eng
bla support bul move rum
bot support mos move stp
bre support mid
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
bur support pic move par
cly move lvp
con move bul
fin move swe
gal support war move ukr
gas move spa
gre support nap move ion
ion move eas
kie hold
lvp hold
mid support bre
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move ion
par hold
pic move par
pie move mar
ser support ukr move rum
sil move war
stp move mos
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
par move gas
ser move alb
stp move nwy
ukr move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move eng
bla support rum move sev
boh move vie
bot support stp
bre move eng
bud support ser
bur move gas
cly move lvp
eas move smy
eng move bre
gal support boh move vie
gas support mar
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid support bre move eng
mar support gas
nwy move stp
par support eng move bre
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser support gre move bul
sev move mos
spa support mar
stp hold
swe move bot
tyr move tri
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul move rum
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
remove bot
remove gas
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
remove stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move ank
bel move eng
ber move mun
bla move ank
bre support mid move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move con
bur support mar
cly move lvp
eng move wal
gal support vie
ion move gre
kie move ruh
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap move tys
nwy move stp
par move bre
pie move mar
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
smy support bul/sc move con
spa support mar
swe move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support mun move boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move eng
bla support bul move con
boh support vie
bre hold
bud support tri move vie
bul move con
bur move gas
cly move lvp
con support arm move ank
gal support vie
gre move bul/sc
ion move tun
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mar hold
mun move tyr
nwy move nrg
par move bre
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum support gre move bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy support con
spa support mar
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys move tun
ukr move rum
vie support mun move tyr
wal support cly move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lvp disband
rum move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel support lon move eng
ber move mun
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support tri
bur support pie move mar
edi move nth
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mid support bre
mar support spa
mun move boh
nrg move nat
par move bre
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move arm
spa support mar
stp move fin
tri support bud
tyr support tri
vie move gal
wal support lvp move iri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm support ank move smy
boh support vie
bre support mid
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move ank
eng move bre
gal support vie
gas move spa
gre move bul/sc
iri move mid
gol support mar
mid support spa
mar hold
mun move tyr
nat support iri move mid
nth support wal move eng
par support eng move bre
sev support rum
spa hold
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys move wes
wal move eng
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
mid move por
smy move con
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move ank
bel move pic
boh support vie
bre support nat move mid
bud support tri move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con support ank
eng support nat move mid
fin move stp
gal support vie
gas support mid move spa
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
lon move nth
gol support mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth move den
por support spa
rum move ser
sev move rum
smy support arm move ank
spa support por
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven support tyr
vie support mun move tyr
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
arm support smy move ank
boh support vie
bre support eng move mid
bud support tyr move vie
bul move ser
bur support gas move mar
con support ank
eng move mid
gal support rum move bud
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
lon move eng
gol support mar
mid move naf
mar hold
mun move tyr
nth support lon move eng
par move gas
por hold
rum move bud
sev move rum
smy move ank
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp move lvn
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
wes move tys
