PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support yor move bel
hel move den
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tus
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bel support bur
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move nth
edi move nrg
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move bel
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move hel
nwy hold
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh move bel
ser move bul
swe hold
tri move alb
tun move wes
tus move ven
ukr support sev
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm hold
bel support mun move bur
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move nth
eng support pic move bel
gal support bud move rum
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie move hel
mid support por move spa
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth move hol
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rum support con move bul
sev support rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tys move gol
ukr support sev
ven move tus
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bul move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
arm move ank
bel support bur
bla move con
bre move mid
bud support gal
bul hold
bur support mar
den support hel move nth
eng support bel
gal support bud
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
gol support pie move mar
mid move naf
mar support bur
nth support nwy
nrg support nth
nwy support nth
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mar
stp move mos
swe hold
tus move pie
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
ank hold
bel support bur
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support mar
con move aeg
den support hel move nth
eng support bel
gal support bud move rum
gre support aeg
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
gol support wes move spa
mid move wes
mar support bur
mos move war
naf support mid move wes
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
smy support con move aeg
spa/sc support mar
swe support nth move den
tus move rom
ukr move gal
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove kie
remove naf
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank move con
bel support bur
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support mar
con move smy
den move hel
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move lon
nwy support edi move nth
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move boh
ska move den
smy move eas
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe hold
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
gal move vie
nth move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ber move kie
boh support gal move vie
bud support vie
bul support gre
bur support mar
con move bul
den hold
eas move ion
eng support pic move bel
gal move vie
gre support aeg
hel support nth move hol
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
nth move hol
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum move bud
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe hold
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet lon
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel support hol
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud support tri move vie
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bul
den move ska
eng support lon move nth
gal move bud
gre support aeg
hel move den
hol support lon move nth
ion move gre
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
nwy support den move ska
pie move mar
rum support con move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
swe hold
tri move vie
tun support ion move tys
tys move gol
vie support gal move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move pic
bud support ser move rum
bul hold
bur move mar
den support ska move swe
eng move bre
gal move bud
gas support spa
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
ion move nap
gol support por move spa
mid move por
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move ber
ska move swe
smy move aeg
spa support mid move por
swe move nwy
tri support bud
tun hold
tyr move tri
tys move tun
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
tri move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move swe
ber support kie
bla move sev
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul/sc
den support swe move bal
edi hold
gal move bud
gas support bur move par
gre move aeg
hol support kie
lon move bel
lvp move iri
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
pic support lon move bel
por move mid
rum support bul move ser
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tri support bul move ser
tun move wes
ven support ser move tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support hol move kie
bel move bur
ber support kie
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support tyr move tri
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
den support hol move kie
edi hold
gas support mid move bre
hol move kie
iri hold
mid move bre
mar move pie
nth move nwy
par support mid move bre
pic support bel move bur
rom hold
rum hold
ser support bul/sc move gre
sev hold
smy move eas
stp/nc hold
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
remove edi
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
remove ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bal move ber
ber hold
bre support mid
bud move gal
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move lvp
eng move nth
gas move bur
gre move ion
iri move eng
kie support bal move ber
mid support bre
mar move pie
mos move stp
nwy support den move swe
par support bre
pic move bel
rom move tys
rum support con move bul
ser hold
sev hold
smy support bul/sc move aeg
swe move bot
tri move alb
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
bel hold
ber hold
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur support par move pic
con move bul
eas move ion
eng hold
gal move sil
gre move ion
kie hold
lvn support bot move stp
lvp move yor
mid support bre move eng
mos support bot move stp
mun hold
nth support eng
nwy hold
par move pic
pie move tyr
rum hold
ser support bul move gre
sev hold
smy move eas
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move wes
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bre move eng
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move aeg
eas move ion
edi move nrg
eng move pic
gre move alb
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support sil move ber
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy move eas
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri move vie
tyr move pie
ven move tyr
war move pru
wes hold
yor move hol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move tri
bal support ber
bar move nwy
ber support kie
bot move bal
bre move eng
bul hold
bur support ruh move bel
eas move ion
eng move wal
gre move alb
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie support ber
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nth support bel
nrg move cly
pic support ruh move bel
pie move ven
pru support sil move ber
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser hold
sil move ber
stp move fin
swe move bot
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
vie hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
ber move kie
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur support eng move bel
cly support wal move lvp
con move aeg
eng move bel
fin support bot move swe
hol support kie
ion move tys
lvp move wal
mid hold
mun support ber move kie
nth move lon
nwy support swe
pic support eng move bel
pie hold
pru move ber
ruh support eng move bel
rum hold
ser move tri
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ven move tus
vie move bud
wal move lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move iri
swe move den
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move bul/sc
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bud move vie
bur hold
den support nwy move swe
eng convoy pic move wal
fin support stp move nwy
ion move tun
iri support pic move wal
kie support hol
mid move por
mun support ber move kie
nwy move swe
pic move wal via convoy
pie hold
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser hold
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri support ser
tus move pie
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie disband
pie move mar
swe move ska
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bur
build Army con
remove mar
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh move mun
bul/sc move aeg
cly support lvp
con move bul
den move nth
eng support wal move lon
fin move swe
hol move kie
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
gol hold
mun move bur
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
por support spa/sc move mid
rum hold
ser move tri
ska move nth
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tun move tys
ven move pie
vie hold
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
swe move bal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move spa
bal move den
ber move kie
bla hold
bot move bal
bul move ser
bur move par
cly support lvp
con move spa
den move nth
eng move wal
hol move bel
ion convoy con move spa
iri support eng move wal
lon support eng move wal
gol convoy con move spa
mid move bre
mar move gas
mun support ber move kie
nwy move swe
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum hold
sil move ber
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri hold
tys convoy con move spa
ven hold
vie hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
remove hol
remove nth
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move tus
ber move mun
bla hold
bot move swe
cly support lvp
con move tus
den move kie
gas move bre
ion convoy con move tus
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon move yor
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun move bur
par support gas move bre
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser hold
sev support rum
ska move nth
spa support gas
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri hold
tys convoy con move tus
ven move pie
vie hold
wal support iri move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel hold
ber hold
bla hold
bot move bal
bre hold
cly move edi
den move kie
eng move lon
gal hold
hol hold
ion move adr
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
lvp hold
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun hold
nth support eng move lon
par hold
pie move mar
rum hold
ser hold
sev support rum
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tri hold
tus move ven
tys move gol
vie hold
wal support iri move lvp
wes move mid
yor support iri move lvp
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
lvp disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: fleet pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army mos
remove pic
remove wal
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
ank move con
bal move den
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla hold
bre move wal
bul/sc move aeg
bur hold
con move bul
edi hold
gal move bud
gas move bre
hol move bel
iri convoy bre move wal
kie move ruh
lon support bre move wal
lvp move wal
gol hold
mid convoy bre move wal
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth hold
nwy move nrg
par support ruh move bur
ruh move bur
rum support sev move bla
ser hold
sev move bla
tri hold
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
bur move mar
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support bul
ank support con
bel hold
bla hold
bre hold
bud support vie
bul support ser
bur support par
con support bul
den move nth
edi hold
gal support bud
gas support bre
iri support wal move lvp
lon hold
gol hold
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support tyr
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
par hold
pic support par
ruh support bur
ser hold
sev support rum
tri hold
tyr support vie
ven move tyr
vie support tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi disband
lvp disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support con
ank hold
bel hold
bla move bul/ec
bre move par
bud support vie move tri
bul hold
bur move gas
con support bul
edi hold
eng move pic
gal move vie
gas support bre move par
iri support eng
lon move nth
lvp hold
gol support mar
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move eng
nrg move nat
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rum support bla move bul
ser support tri
sev move arm
smy support ank
tri hold
tyr support vie move tri
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
