PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
edi move nth
kie move bal
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun hold
par move pic
sev move rum
stp/sc move lvn
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move lvn
eng move bel
kie move ber
lvn move bot
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move sil
nth support eng move bel
pic move bre
pru move ber
rum hold
ser move bul
tri move ser
ukr move gal
wal move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bot hold
bre move pic
edi move den
gal move boh
gre move aeg
mar move gol
mos move war
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rum move bla
ser move gre
spa move mar
tri move adr
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support bul move con
ber move mun
bla move rum
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move mun
den move swe
lon move nwy
gol move tys
mar move pie
nth convoy lon move nwy
pic move bel
spa/sc move wes
tri move ven
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move smy
bel move ruh
ber move mun
boh move tyr
bot move swe
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move smy
den support hol move kie
edi move nwy
gal move sil
gre move bul
hol move kie
kie move ber
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tyr
rum hold
sil move boh
tri move ven
tys move gol
ven move apu
vie support bud move gal
war support gal move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
apu support ion move nap
boh move sil
bul support gal move rum
bur move mun
den move kie
gal move rum
ion move nap
kie move bal
lon move den
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus
mun hold
nth convoy lon move den
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bla
sil move pru
swe hold
tun hold
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal support kie move ber
bla hold
bud move gal
bul move con
con move ank
den move kie
edi move nwy
gal move ukr
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move boh
nap support apu move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pru support sil move ber
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sil move ber
smy support con move ank
stp move mos
tri move adr
tun support gol move tys
tus hold
tyr support mun move boh
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank hold
bal support kie move ber
con move bul
den move kie
gal move boh
kie move ber
lon move nwy
mos hold
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pru support sil move ber
rom move tus
sev support ukr
sil move ber
smy move con
stp move lvn
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove mos
remove pru
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bal support kie move ber
bla move rum
boh support mun
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur hold
con move smy
den move kie
gal support ukr move war
kie move ber
lon move den
lvn support stp move mos
mun support tyr
nap support adr move ion
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
pie support tus
rom move tus
sev move rum
sil hold
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus support pie
tyr support boh
tys support tus
ukr move war
ven move adr
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
