PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
hel move den
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move nth
nth move nwy
ser hold
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bel support mar move bur
bla support bul
bud move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
kie support mun move ruh
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth move hel
par move pic
rum support gal move bud
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa move por
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
apu support ion
bel support bur move ruh
ber support kie move mun
bla support bul move rum
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move ruh
gre move bul
hel move hol
hol support ruh
ion hold
kie move mun
nth support hel move hol
pic support bel
ruh support hol
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
stp hold
swe hold
tri support vie
tyr move ven
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move kie
ruh disband
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support smy move arm
apu move adr
bel support ruh
ber move mun
bla support rum
bud support ukr move rum
bul support rum
edi move nth
kie support mun move ruh
mid convoy por move bre
mar support pic move bur
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nwy move ska
pic move bur
rom move apu
ruh support bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move ber
smy move arm
tri support vie move bud
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
ank move con
apu move alb
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bud support tri
bul support rum
bur support ruh move mun
gal move bud
gre hold
hel move den
ion hold
mid convoy por move bre
mar move gas
mun support ber move sil
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
ska support hel move den
tri support bud
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
mun move ber
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army lon
build Army par
remove sil
remove stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb move gre
ank move con
ber support kie move mun
bla support rum
boh move sil
bud support gal move rum
bul support ser
bur support mun
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
gal move rum
gas move par
gre support ser move alb
hol move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie move mun
mid convoy por move gas
mun hold
nth move eng
par move pic
por move gas
ruh support mun
rum support ser
ser move alb
sev support rum
ska move den
tri support vie
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
ber move pru
bla support rum
bud support gal move rum
bul support alb move gre
bur support pic move bel
con hold
eng move nth
gal move rum
gas move bre
gre hold
ion support gre
kie hold
mun hold
par support gas move bre
pic move bel
ruh support mun
rum move ser
sev move mos
sil move ber
ska move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ukr support gal move rum
vie support bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove pru
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla support sev move rum
bre move gas
bud support tri move ser
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den move swe
gre support bul move ser
ion support alb move gre
lon move hol
mos move stp
mun move sil
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support den move swe
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev move rum
smy move eas
stp move mos
tri move ser
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gal support rum
gas move mar
gre move alb
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
mos move war
mun move boh
nth support nwy move ska
nwy move ska
par move bur
ruh move mun
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev support bul move rum
sil support kie move ber
ska move den
stp move mos
swe hold
ukr move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
ion move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove con
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
remove pru
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bla support bul
boh support mun move sil
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move bel
den move kie
gal support ukr move war
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
ion support aeg move gre
mid move eng
mos support ukr move sev
mun move sil
nap support tun move ion
nth support ska move den
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support war move mos
sil move pru
ska move den
swe move bot
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr hold
ukr move sev
ven support tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
ion move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bal move swe
bel move bur
ber support bot move bal
bla move rum
boh move sil
bot move bal
bul support bla move rum
den hold
eng move mid
gal support pru move war
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
ion move tun
lon move hol
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun hold
nap support ion
nth convoy lon move hol
pru support sil move war
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev move mos
sil move war
tri support tyr
tyr support vie
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie support tyr
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move arm
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army stp
remove tys
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
arm support bla move sev
bal support den move swe
bla move sev
bul move gre
bur move bel
den move swe
gal support vie move bud
gre support ser move bul
mid convoy spa move bre
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap move ion
nrg move nat
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move ukr
sil move pru
spa move bre
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tun support nap move ion
tyr move vie
vie move bud
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
swe move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move bot
bel hold
ber move bal
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul support alb move gre
gal support vie move bud
ion support alb move gre
kie move den
lvn move stp
gol hold
mos hold
mun hold
nth support swe move nwy
nwy hold
pru move war
rum support ukr move sev
ska move den
swe move nwy
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
remove ska
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support bot move swe
bel move ruh
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
fin support mos move stp
gal support ser move rum
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move sil
pic move bel
pru move lvn
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev hold
stp support war move mos
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move smy
bal move bot
boh support tyr
bud support rum
bul move con
fin move stp
gal support rum
ion move tun
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
ruh move mun
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil move war
stp hold
swe hold
tyr support boh
tys support wes
ukr move war
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove fin
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army rom
remove stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
boh support tyr
bot move stp/sc
bud move gal
bur move mun
con move ank
gal move ukr
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move hol
lvn support mos
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos support sil move war
mun move sil
nth support lon move hol
rom move ven
rum support gal move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
tun support wes
tyr support boh
tys support wes
ukr move mos
ven move pie
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support smy
bel move bur
boh support tyr
bur move mar
gal support ukr
lvn move mos
gol support bur move mar
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nat move mid
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pie hold
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move boh
smy hold
spa/sc support gol
stp/sc hold
swe move bal
tun support wes
tyr support boh
tys support wes
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move lvn
ber move mun
boh support tyr
bur support mar
eng move bre
gal support ukr
kie support ber move mun
lon move bel
lvn move mos
gol support mid move wes
mid move por
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nth support lon move bel
pie support tyr
rom move ven
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil move boh
smy move con
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/sc support bal move lvn
tri move vie
tun support wes
tyr support boh
tys move gol
ukr support gal
ven move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army/dislodged lvn
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvn move pru
gol move tus
mun move ruh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
boh support gal
bre hold
bur support ruh move bel
gal support ukr
kie move ruh
lon move bel
lvn move bal
gol support tun move tys
mar move gas
mos move war
mun support kie move ruh
nth support lon move bel
pie support tyr
por hold
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum support arm move sev
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move mid
tri support tyr
tun move tys
tyr support pie
ukr support arm move sev
ven move rom
vie support boh
war move pru
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove pru
remove tus
build Army ven
remove war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
boh support tyr
bre move mid
bur move ruh
con move aeg
gal move war
gas move bre
lon move bel
lvp move wal
gol support wes
mid support gas move bre
mos move war
mun support bal move ber
nth convoy lon move bel
pie support tyr
por support bre move mid
rom move ven
ruh support lon move bel
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move mun
stp/sc move bot
tri move vie
tyr support boh
tys support wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie move gal
wes support gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mid move eng
mos move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel support yor move hol
ber move kie
boh support tyr
bot move swe
bur move bel
edi move cly
eng support bur move bel
gal support ukr move war
hol support ber move kie
lvn move stp
gol support pie
mid move bre
mos support ukr move war
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy yor move hol
pie support tyr
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
ruh move bur
sev support mos
sil move mun
tri move vie
tyr support boh
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move bud
wes move naf
yor move hol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army cly
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army cly
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove cly
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
boh support tyr
bre move par
bud move gal
bur move mar
eng support bel move pic
gal move war
ion move tys
kie support sil move mun
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mun move bur
naf support wes
nth support mid move eng
pic move par
pie move mar
rom move ven
sev support mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe move ska
tri move vie
tus move pie
tyr support boh
ven move tri
vie move bud
wal move lon
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move iri
mun move ruh
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support hol move ruh
ber support ruh move kie
boh move sil
bre hold
bud move gal
bur move par
eng support pic move bre
gal move war
hol move ruh
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lon move den
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
naf support tys move wes
nth convoy lon move den
nwy hold
pic move bre
pie support mar
ruh move kie
sev move mos
ska move swe
spa/sc support mar
tri move bud
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
ven move tri
war move pru
yor move lvp
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move bal
bre move gas
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
