PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move lvn
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu support ven
arm move smy
ber move kie
bot move swe
bul move gre
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn move pru
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ser move gre
sev hold
tri move ser
ven hold
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support ven
bel hold
ber move kie
bla hold
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move aeg
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move bur
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move ska
par move pic
por move mid
ruh move hol
ser move bud
smy move con
spa move mar
tri support ser move bud
tun move ion
ven hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
apu support ven
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
gre move ser
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move mun
lon move eng
mid support bre move eng
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
nwy move swe
ska support nwy move swe
tri support bud move vie
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move arm
apu move syr via convoy
bel support bur move ruh
ber move pru
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den hold
eas convoy apu move syr
gre move ion
hol support kie move ruh
ion convoy apu move syr
kie move ruh
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun support kie move ruh
nth support ska move den
rum move bla
ser hold
ska move den
smy move eas
swe support ska move den
tri support vie move bud
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg support smy
arm move syr
bel hold
ber support mun move sil
bla move con
bud support tri move ser
bur hold
eas move smy
gre support aeg
hol hold
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie support hol
lon move wal
mid move spa/sc
mar support bur
mun move sil
nth move lon
pic support bel
ruh move mun
rum support ser
ser support gre
smy support arm move syr
swe move nwy
syr support eas move smy
tri move ser
ven move alb via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove mun
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move smy
alb hold
arm support smy move syr
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bur move mun
con support aeg move smy
eas support ion move aeg
edi move lvp
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move bur
pic move bel
rum support ser
ser hold
sil support ber move pru
smy move syr
spa/sc move wes
syr move smy
tri move ser
wal support edi move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
arm support smy
bel move hol
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bur support mun
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
gre move alb
hel move nth
iri support bre move eng
kie move mun
lon move nth
mun hold
pru move war
ruh support bel move hol
rum support ser
ser hold
sil support pru move war
smy support syr move eas
syr move eas
tri move ser
wal move eng
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eas move aeg
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move bul/sc
alb support tri move ser
arm move sev
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc support ser move gre
bur move ruh
den support kie
eas support smy move aeg
edi move nth
eng hold
gre support aeg move bul
hol support ruh move kie
iri support eng
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp support wal
mid move nat
mar move gol
mun support ruh move kie
nap move ion
ruh move kie
rum support arm move sev
ser move gre
sil move ber
smy move aeg
tri move ser
ven hold
wal support lon move eng
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb support gre
ber move kie
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
eas hold
eng move wal
gre hold
hol move bel
ion support gre
iri support nat move lvp
kie hold
lon support wal
gol hold
mun support kie
nat move lvp
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel via convoy
ruh support hol
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
ven move pie
wal support lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move yor
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move gre
apu support ion
ber move sil
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc support con move gre
con move gre via convoy
den support ber move kie
eas move ion
eng move wal
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
iri support eng move wal
kie support mun move ber
lon support wal
lvp support eng move wal
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move ber
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
vie move gal
wal support lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
pie move ven
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ion move gre
apu support ion
bel move hol
ber hold
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
eas move ion
eng move lon
gal support bud move rum
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion move gre
iri move eng
kie move mun
gol hold
mos move sev
nth support lon
pie hold
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
wal support eng move lon
yor support lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb support gre
apu move ion
bel move lon via convoy
ber hold
bul/sc support ion move gre
den support nth
edi move lvp
eng convoy bel move lon
gal move ukr
hol support bel
ion move gre
iri support lvp
kie move mun
lvp hold
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos support rum move sev
nap support apu move ion
nth support lon
pie move ven
rum support mos move sev
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
tri move tyr
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven hold
wal support bel move lon
yor support edi move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ber move mun
bul/sc support gre
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng hold
gal support rum
gre support bul/sc
iri move lvp
kie support ber move mun
lon support nth move eng
lvp move cly
gol move wes
mar support pie
mos move sev
nap support ion
nth move eng
pie hold
rum support mos move sev
ser support rum
sev support ukr move mos
sil move ber
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven hold
wal support iri move lvp
yor support edi move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move bre
sev move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support ser move gre
bre move eng
bul/sc move aeg
cly move edi
con move bul
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng move mid
gal support rum
gre support con move bul
hol move kie
ion support ser move gre
iri support bre move eng
kie move mun
lon move eng
gol move wes
mar support pie
mos support ukr move sev
nap move tys
pie hold
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil move mun
tyr move pie
ukr move sev
ven support tyr move pie
wal move lvp
wes move spa/sc
yor support edi move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support gre
arm move smy
bel move bur
ber hold
bul/sc hold
con move ank
den move kie
edi move yor
eng move bre
gal move war
hol move kie
ion support gre
iri move lvp
kie move mun
lon move wal
lvp support yor move edi
mar support pie
mos move war
pie hold
sev hold
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
tyr support sil move mun
tys move gol
ven support tyr move pie
wal support iri move lvp
wes support tys move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
remove hol
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support gre
ank move arm
arm move ank
ber support bur move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
edi move yor
gal move ukr
gre support rum move bul
ion move eas
iri support wal move lvp
kie hold
lon move wal
lvp support yor move edi
gol move tus
mar move spa/sc
mos move war
mun hold
pie move tyr
por support mar move spa
rum move bul
sev move rum
tyr support mun
ven move tus
wal move lvp
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move cly
mun move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy
alb support gre
ank hold
arm move smy
ber support mun
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
cly move edi
con hold
den move nth
eas move aeg
edi move yor
eng move bel
gre support bul
iri support lvp
kie move hol
lvp hold
gol support wes move spa
mid move bre
mun hold
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh move bel
sev move mos
smy hold
spa/sc hold
tyr move pie
ukr move war
ven move pie
wal move lon
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
edi move nrg
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb hold
ank move arm
ber move kie
bre support lon move eng
bul move con
con move bul
eas move aeg
edi support yor move lvp
eng move lon
gre support bul
hol move bel
iri support lvp
lon move eng
gol support ven move pie
mar hold
mun hold
nth support lon move eng
nrg move nwy
por support spa/sc
rum support ukr move sev
sev move mos
smy support aeg move eas
spa/sc hold
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
wes move tys
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Austria: fleet/dislodged eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
eas move ion
eng move pic
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
bre support eng
bul move con
con hold
eas support smy move aeg
edi move lvp
eng move iri
gal move ukr
ion move aeg
iri support lvp
kie move den
lvp hold
gol move mar
mar hold
mos support arm move sev
mun hold
nth move den
pic support bel
pie support gol move mar
por move mid
rum support sev
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mar
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support arm move sev
yor support edi move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move wal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove eas
build Fleet edi
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb hold
arm support ukr move sev
bre support eng move pic
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move pic
gal move sil
gre support bul
hol hold
ion move eas
iri move lvp
kie move den
lvp move wal
gol move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mos support ukr move sev
mun hold
nth move bel
nwy move nth
pic move bel
pie support gol move mar
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
spa/sc support mar
ukr move sev
vie move boh
wal support iri move lvp
wes move spa/sc
yor support lvp move wal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
France: fleet/dislodged wal
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
wal move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support gre
arm move smy
boh support tyr move mun
bul move con
con move bul
den hold
eas move aeg
edi move nth
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol move bel
lon hold
lvp hold
mid support spa/sc
mar support wes move spa
mos move war
mun hold
nth move bel
nwy move swe
pic support bre
pie support mar
rum support bul
sev move rum
sil move ber
spa/sc support gas move mar
tyr move mun
wal support yor move lvp
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
remove edi
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Army par
remove pic
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
ank move bla
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move con
con move bul
den support hol move kie
eas move aeg
gas move bre
gre support bul
hol move kie
lon hold
lvp move yor
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mun move bur
nap move tys
par support gas move bre
pie move mar
ruh hold
rum move ukr
sev move rum
smy hold
spa/sc hold
swe move nwy
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move gal
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move bul
ber support mun
bla support sev move rum
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support eng move bel
con support smy move bul
den support kie
eas move aeg
eng move bel
gre support bul
kie hold
lon move nth
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nwy move nrg
par hold
pie move mar
ruh move bel
sev move rum
smy move bul via convoy
spa/sc hold
tys move gol
ukr support bud move rum
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move mos
wes support mar move spa
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move bul
alb support gre
bel support edi move nth
ber move pru
bla support smy move bul
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move ruh
con support smy move bul
den support kie
eas move aeg
edi move nth
gal support bud move rum
gre support bul
kie move mun
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun support bur move ruh
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh support kie move mun
sev move rum
smy move bul via convoy
spa/sc hold
ukr support bud move rum
wes support mar move spa
yor move edi
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move ser
nth move nwy
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support gre
bel support nth move hol
bla move rum
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
den move kie
eas move aeg
gal support pru move war
gas hold
gre support ser move bul
kie move ber
lon move wal
gol support spa/sc
mid hold
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move ber
nth move hol
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par hold
por hold
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bla move rum
spa/sc support wes move mid
ukr support rum
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove den
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb support gre
bel support hol move nth
bla support bul
bul hold
bur move ruh
con support bul
gal move war
gas move spa
gre move bul
hol move nth
iri move eng
kie hold
gol move wes
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun support bur move ruh
nap move tys
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
par move bre
por support gas move spa
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid
ukr move sev
wal move yor
war move lvn
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bla support sev move rum
bre move pic
bul support sev move rum
con support bul
eng move nth
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
hel move hol
kie support hel move hol
lvn support war move mos
lvp move iri
mid move por
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun move kie
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
por support gas move spa
ruh support mun move kie
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid move por
tys move gol
ukr move sev
war move mos
wes support spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
rum move gal
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
alb move tri
ank move bla
bel support iri move eng
ber support hel move kie
bla move sev
bud move rum
bul support gre move con
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
eng move bre
gal support bud move rum
gas support por move spa
gre move con via convoy
hel move kie
iri move eng
kie support edi move den
gol move mar
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mos support ukr move sev
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move nth
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum support con move bul
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid
ukr move sev
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: army/dislodged kie
France: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move par
kie move mun
rum move ser
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
bel support lon move pic
ber move kie
bla move rum
bre support par move gas
bul support con
bur move mun
den move swe
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move war
gas move par
kie move hol
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move stp
mid move por
mar move gol
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
nth move nwy
nwy hold
par move gas
pic move par
por hold
ser hold
sev support rum
smy support ank move con
spa/sc support mid move por
tri move ven
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
gas move mar
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support smy move con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support con
bur support pic move par
eng move bre
gas hold
hol support ber move kie
gol hold
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth support swe move nwy
nwy move nrg
par support bre
pic move par
por support spa/sc move mid
rum support bud move ser
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tri support bud move ser
ven hold
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ser disband
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move smy
bel support nth move hol
ber support hol move kie
boh move sil
bre hold
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move smy
eng move bre
gas support bre
gre move aeg
hol move kie
gol support mar
mid move iri
mar move spa
mun support pru move ber
nat move lvp
nth move hol
nrg move edi
par support eng move bre
por move mid
pru move ber
rum support sev
sev support arm
stp move fin
tys hold
ven hold
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army nap
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con
arm move syr
bel support hol move nth
ber move kie
bre move pic
bul move con
con support smy
edi move nth
eng support par move bre
gas move mar
hol move nth
iri move eng
kie move den
lon move yor
lvp move wal
gol convoy nap move mar
mid support iri move eng
mun move bur
nap move mar via convoy
nwy move swe
par move bre
ruh support ber move kie
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy support con
spa support nap move gas
tri support vie move tyr
tys convoy nap move mar
vie move tyr
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm support syr move smy
bel move eng
ber support kie
bud move vie
bul support aeg move con
bur move gas
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
eng move bre
gas move bre
kie support swe move den
lon support bel move eng
gol convoy nap move mar
mid support eng move bre
nap move mar via convoy
nth move edi
pic support gas move bre
ruh move bur
spa support nap move mar
swe move den
syr move smy
tys convoy nap move mar
ven hold
wal move lvp
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
France: fleet/dislodged den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move bal
edi move nrg
eng move nth
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
remove gas
remove nrg
remove pic
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bre move par
bud move ser
bul move con
con move aeg
den move swe
edi support lon move nth
lon move nth
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mid support nth move eng
mar support spa move gas
nth move eng
smy support arm move ank
spa move gas
tyr move pie
tys move ion
vie move tyr
yor move wal
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move iri
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
ber move mun
bur move pic
con move bul
edi move cly
eng move bre
gas support eng move bre
ion move adr
iri move nat
kie move ruh
lvp hold
mid support eng move bre
mar move pie
nth convoy yor move bel
par move bre
ruh move bur
ser move alb
sev move ukr
smy move gre via convoy
swe move den
tys move ion
ven support mar move pie
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bur move gas
cly move lvp
den move kie
edi support cly move lvp
gas move mar
lon support nth move eng
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mun support tyr
nth move eng
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie support rom move tus
rom move tus
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
vie move tri
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
bul support gre
edi move lvp
eng support lvp move iri
gas support ruh move bur
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mun support tyr
nat support lvp move iri
ruh move bur
tri move ven
vie support tyr
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: fleet/dislodged iri
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
iri move wal
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove wal
remove wes
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
bur move ruh
edi move den via convoy
eng support nat move mid
gas move bur
ion move tun
iri support nat move mid
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mar move spa
nat move mid
nth convoy edi move den
pie move mar
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mid move bre
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre
ank move con
bel move bur
bre hold
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur move mun
den move bel via convoy
eng move bre
gre support alb
iri move eng
kie move hol
lon support iri move eng
mid support eng move bre
mar move gas
mun move boh
nth convoy den move bel
spa support mar move gas
tun move wes
tus hold
tyr support tri
ven move pie
vie support tri
PHASE 1920 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
England: army/dislodged gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move par
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move mid
bud support tri
bur support par move gas
edi move den via convoy
eng convoy wal move bre
gas support pic move par
gre support alb
hol move ruh
ion move tun
lon move eng
mid move naf
mun move sil
nth convoy edi move den
par move gas
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move mun
ser support tri
spa move por
tus move pie
vie support tri
wal move bre via convoy
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move bur
bur move mar
eng move mid
gas support bur move mar
lon move eng
mid move wes
mar move spa
naf support mid move wes
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
ruh move bel
spa/sc move mid
tun support tys move wes
tyr move pie
tys move wes
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
bur move gas
den move kie
edi move den via convoy
eng move mid
gas move spa
lon move eng
mid move wes
mar support gas move spa
naf support mid move wes
nth convoy edi move den
pic move bel
pie support spa/sc move mar
por move spa
rom move tys
spa/sc move mar
tun move wes
tys move gol
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
bre move por via convoy
bud move vie
bur move mar
gas support bur move mar
ion support wes move tun
gol support tys move wes
mid convoy bre move por
mar support por move spa
naf support wes move tun
pie support mar
por move spa
tri move ven
tun support tys move wes
tyr support tri move ven
tys move wes
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1922 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move tys
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove mar
remove spa
PHASE 1923 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mar
gas support bur move mar
ion support tun
mid support por move spa
naf move wes
por move spa
tri move tyr
tun support naf move wes
tyr move ven
ven move apu
vie move tri
PHASE 1923 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
