PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul support ser move rum
bur support pic move bel
edi move nwy via convoy
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser move rum
tri move ven
tyr support ven
ukr move rum
ven support tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move nth
gal move vie
kie move hol
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nrg support edi move nth
nwy hold
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rom support ven
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support gal move vie
ukr move rum
ven support tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support ber move kie
gal move bud
hel support nth move den
ion move adr
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bur
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum hold
sev support rum
smy move con
spa/sc hold
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
tri disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel move ruh
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nth
gal move bud
hel move den
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move yor
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support bal move kie
nap move tys
nwy support den move swe
ruh move kie
rum support gal move bud
sev move bla
smy move con
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
swe support bal move den
tri support gal move bud
tyr support mun
ven move pie
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ber
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support mun move kie
ber move mun
bot support mos move stp
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
hel move den
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie support bur move mun
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth support hel move den
nwy support stp
pie support tyr
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
ser hold
sev support rum
smy move con
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
swe support hel move den
tri move ser
tyr support mun
tys hold
vie move boh
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move sil
ser disband
stp move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove sil
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support bot move swe
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp move fin
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den support swe
fin support yor move nwy
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
gol hold
mar hold
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move bar
par move pic
pie move ven
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move bla
smy move con
stp move fin
swe support fin
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ven move tri
war move lvn
wes move mid
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
bal move ber
bar support nwy move stp
ber support kie
boh move vie
bot support stp
bud support rum move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
eng move nth
fin support nwy move stp
ion move eas
kie support mun
lvn support stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun support kie
nth move lon
nwy move stp
pic move bel
ruh move hol
rum move ser
ser move gre
sev move rum
stp hold
swe move bot
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Army lvp
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bel move yor via convoy
ber support mun
bla move ank
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud support boh move vie
bul move gre
bur move bel
con support smy
den hold
eas move smy
fin support stp
gre move ser
hol support kie
iri support bre move eng
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn move pru
lvp hold
mos move war
mun support kie
nth convoy bel move yor
rum move bla
ser support bul move gre
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
swe support den
tri support vie move bud
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bud move gal
gre move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
ank move con
bar move nrg
bel move lon via convoy
ber support mun
bla move rum
boh move vie
bud move ser
con move bul
den move nth
eas move smy
eng support bel move lon
fin move nwy
gal support vie move bud
hol support kie
iri support yor move lvp
kie support mun
lon support lvp move yor
lvp move yor
mid move nat
mun support kie
nth convoy bel move lon
pru move war
ser support vie move bud
swe move den
tri support bud move ser
tyr support boh move vie
vie move bud
war move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
lvp move edi
ser move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army par
remove rum
remove stp
remove swe
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support bud move tri
ber move sil
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul move gre
den support nrg move nth
eas move ion
edi hold
eng support nth
gal move vie
gre move bul
hol move kie
iri move nat
kie move ber
lon move yor
lvp support nat move cly
mos move ukr
mun support ber move sil
nat move cly
nth support lon move yor
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
par move bur
ser support gre move bul
tri move bud
tyr move boh
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
yor support edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul move rum
tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri move ser
ber support mun
boh support vie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
cly move edi
con support rum move bul
den support yor move nth
eng support nth
gal move bud
ion move alb
kie support mun
lon move yor
lvp support cly move edi
mun support kie
nat move nrg
nth support cly move edi
nrg support edi
pic move bel
rum move bul
ser move bud
sil support mun
stp move nwy
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
war hold
yor move nth
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb support rum move ser
bel move hol
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud support boh move gal
bul support rum move ser
den support yor move nth
edi support nat move nrg
eng support nth
gal move bud
ion support gre
kie move ber
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
mun support sil
nat move nrg
nap support ion
nth support nat move nrg
nrg support yor move nth
nwy hold
par move bur
ruh move kie
rum move ser
sil support mun
tri support bud
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support boh move gal
war hold
yor move nth
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
gal move ukr
nrg move bar
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud support gal move rum
bul support ser move gre
bur support mun
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre support tri move alb
hol move ruh
ion support gre
kie support nth move den
lvp hold
mun support sil
nth move den
nrg support eng move nth
pru move war
ser move rum
sil support pru move war
tri move alb
tyr move tri
ukr support ser move rum
vie support tyr move tri
war hold
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
den move hel
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
bud support gal move rum
bur move ruh
den support nth move hel
edi move nth
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion move tun
kie hold
lvp move cly
mar move bur
mos move war
mun support sil
nap move tys
nth move hel
nrg hold
par move pic
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
sil support war
tri support alb move ser
ukr support mos move war
vie move tyr
war support pru move lvn
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move gas
cly hold
den move ska
edi hold
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
hol move ruh
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support war
mun move boh
nth move eng
nrg hold
pic move bur
ruh move mun
ser support gre move bul
sil support mun move boh
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys move gol
war support lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
boh move gal
bul/sc hold
bur move mar
cly move nwy via convoy
con move bul/sc
den move swe
edi hold
eng move mid
gal support tyr move vie
gas support bur move mar
kie move ber
lvn support war
gol support wes move spa
mos support gal move war
mun support sil move boh
nap move tys
nrg convoy cly move nwy
pie support ven move tyr
rom move ven
ruh support mun
rum support gal
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
ska support cly move nwy
smy move con
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
war support boh move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
France: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
nwy disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
France: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
ber move sil
boh support gal
bud support vie
bul/sc hold
con move bul/sc
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support boh
gas support mar
lvn support nwy move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos move stp
mun support boh
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support bud
sev move mos
ska move nth
smy move con
spa/sc support tys move wes
swe support edi move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support vie
tys move wes
ven move pie
war support gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
boh support gal
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul/sc hold
con move aeg
gal support boh
gas support mar
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos hold
mun support boh
nap move tys
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
rum support bud move gal
sev support mos
sil support gal
smy move con
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war support stp move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
mid move naf
mos move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move smy
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
bul/sc move gre
bur move mar
den move nth
eng support bre move mid
gal support boh move vie
gas support mar move spa
kie move mun
lvn support mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move gas
mar move spa
mos support war
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nat support bre move mid
pie move mar
rum move gal
sev support ukr
sil move boh
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp support mos
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr hold
ven support tyr
vie support rum move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
remove ukr
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh support gal
bre support eng move mid
bud support rum move gal
bul/sc move gre
bur move mar
eng move mid
gal support boh
gas support bur move mar
kie move ruh
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar
mid move naf
mos move ukr
mun support boh
nat support eng move mid
nap move ion
nth move eng
por support spa/sc
rum move gal
sev hold
sil support gal
stp move mos
tri support vie
tun hold
tyr support vie
tys support nap move ion
ven support tyr
vie support rum move gal
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh support gal
bre move mid
bur move mar
con move bul
eng support bre move mid
gal support boh
gas move spa
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun support boh
naf support tun
nat support eng move mid
ruh move bur
sil support gal
tun support mid move wes
ukr support mos move sev
war support gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
France: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
