PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
con hold
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
con hold
gal support ukr move rum
hol move hel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
mun hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
smy move con
spa hold
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nwy
bel move hol
bla support ukr move rum
bre move pic
den hold
gal support ukr move rum
hel move hol
kie move ruh
lon hold
mar move gol
mun move bur
nth support bar move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
por move mid
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
swe move bot
ukr move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla convoy sev move bul
bot move swe
den support nwy move swe
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hel move hol
lon move wal
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth support hel move hol
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rom move tys
ruh support hel move hol
rum move ser
stp move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla support rum move bul
bot move swe
den move kie
hol move bel
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move nat
mun support ruh
nth support hol move bel
rom move tys
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
swe move bot
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla support bul move con
bot move stp/sc
bul move con
lon move nwy via convoy
mos move war
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move nwy
rum move bul
ser move gre
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla support con move ank
bot move fin
bul move rum
con move ank
eng convoy lon move por
gre move ser
lon move por via convoy
mid convoy lon move por
nwy move fin
sev move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
bot support nwy move fin
eng move mid
mid move spa/sc
nth move den
nwy move fin
por support mid move spa
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
stp/sc hold
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move sil
bot support fin move stp
bud move gal
con move bla
den move nth
fin move stp
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mun move tyr
por move spa
ruh move bur
ser move rum
sev move ukr
spa/sc move gol
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/sc move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla support rum move sev
edi move den via convoy
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move war
kie move den
lvn move bal
gol support spa move mar
mos move sev
nth convoy edi move den
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sil move boh
spa move mar
stp hold
tyr hold
ukr support gal move war
wal move bre via convoy
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bal move den
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move vie
bot support mos move lvn
bre move par
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus
mos move lvn
nth convoy edi move nwy
sev move mos
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
ukr support sev move mos
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support war move lvn
bot support nwy move swe
eng convoy wal move bre
ion move aeg
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mos support war move lvn
mun move tyr
nth move den
nwy move swe
rum move bud
stp support lvn move mos
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ukr move war
vie support tyr move tri
wal move bre via convoy
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
England: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mun
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move bot
ber support kie
bla move con
bot support den move bal
bre move gas
bud move rum
den move bal
edi move nth
eng move mid
hol move bel
kie hold
lon move eng
lvn support sev move mos
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mos move lvn
mun move bur
sev move mos
stp support mos move lvn
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support sev move mos
war support sev move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal disband
lvn move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move den
bel hold
ber hold
bla move con
bot support lvn
eng convoy wal move bel
gas move mar
kie move ruh
lvn hold
mid move gas
mos hold
nth support wal move bel
par move bur
pru move lvn
rom move nap
rum move bul
stp support lvn
swe move den
tri hold
tun move ion
tys support rom move nap
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie hold
wal move bel
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support nap move gre
bal convoy lvn move kie
bel support lon move pic
bla convoy sev move con
bot support stp
bul support sev move con
eng convoy lon move pic
ion convoy nap move gre
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move kie via convoy
mar move bur
mos move lvn
nap move gre via convoy
nth support bel
par support lon move pic
pru support mos move lvn
swe move den
tys move rom
ukr move mos
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
England: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bal support kie
bel move hol
bla move con
bot support stp
bul move ser
den support kie
eng support pic move bel
gre move bul
ion move gre
kie support bel move hol
lvn move stp
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nth support bel move hol
par support mar move bur
pic move bel
sev move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
England: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
England: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
