PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bre
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla convoy con move sev
bot move swe
bre move lon
bul move gre
con move sev
den hold
edi hold
eng convoy bre move lon
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
ruh move hol
rum support con move bul
ser support alb move gre
sil hold
stp support nrg move nwy
tri move ven
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys move tun
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support sev move rum
bre move pic
bud support tri move vie
bul support sev move rum
con support bul
den hold
edi move yor
eng move bel
gre support rum move bul/ec
hol move bel
lon move eng
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
nwy move ska
par move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul/ec
sev move rum
sil hold
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move vie
tun move wes
tus move pie
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move bre
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bla support rum
bre hold
bud support ser move tri
bul/ec move rum
bur move mar
con support aeg move bul/sc
eng support yor move bel
gre move ion
hol hold
ion move tys
mos support sev
nth convoy yor move bel
pic support bre
pie move mar
por move spa
rum support aeg move bul/sc
ser move tri
sev support bul/ec move rum
sil move mun
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support ser move tri
wes move spa/sc
yor move bel
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support lon move hol
bla support ank move arm
bre support pic
bud move ser
bul/sc move gre
bur support mar
con move bul
den move kie
eng move mid
ion move gre
lon move hol
mar support por move spa
nth convoy lon move hol
pic hold
pie hold
por move spa
rum move sev
ska move den
stp/sc move bot
tri support bud move ser
tys move gol
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul/sc move aeg
bur move par
con move bul
den move nth
hol support bel
ion move nap
kie support pru move ber
gol convoy tus move spa
mid support tus move spa
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth move eng
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum support arm move sev
ser move gre
spa move por
tri move ven
tus move spa
tyr support tri move ven
wes support tus move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove mun
remove por
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul hold
den move nth
edi move yor
hol move kie
kie move bal
gol move tys
mid support nth move eng
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move eng
par move bur
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
spa support pie move mar
tri move adr
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bre move gas
bul hold
eng convoy lon move gas
gal move sil
gre move ser
ion move tun
kie support sil move mun
lon move gas
gol move tys
mid convoy lon move gas
mar hold
mos support war
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move hol
par move pic
pic move bur
rum support ukr
sil move mun
spa move por
swe move bot
tyr support boh move mun
ukr hold
ven move pie
war hold
yor move hol
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army edi
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
boh support tyr move mun
bul move rum
bur move mar
edi move hol
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move war
hol move ruh
ion support tun move tys
kie support mun
lon move bre
mid support lon move bre
mar support bel move bur
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth convoy edi move hol
par move gas
pie support bur move mar
por move spa
rom hold
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support ukr move mos
smy move aeg
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bla support bul move rum
boh support mun
bre support bur move par
bud support gal
bul move rum
bur move par
gal support rum move ukr
gas move par
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid support spa
mar hold
mos support rum move ukr
mun hold
pie support mar
rom move tus
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil move gal
spa hold
stp move mos
tyr support boh
tys support ion move tun
war support stp move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army edi
remove gas
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove sil
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
ber move sil
boh support gal move sil
bot support stp
bre move gas
bud move gal
edi move hol
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move sil
ion move tun
kie support mun
lon move bel
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move war
mun hold
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bur
pie support mar
ruh support par move bur
rum move gal
sev move mos
spa move por
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys support tus move gol
ukr support mos move war
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bot support stp
bud move gal
bur hold
iri support mid
kie hold
lvn move mos
gol support mar
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mos hold
naf support tun move wes
nap move ion
pie support mar
por hold
ruh hold
rum move sev
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid
tun move wes
tyr support sil move mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr support mos
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
