PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support tri
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
den hold
gal move bud
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lon support nth
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move bud
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move sev
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bre hold
bul move rum
con support bul
den move ska
gal move boh
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth move hel
par move pic
por move mid
rum support sev move bla
ser move bud
sev move bla
spa move gas
swe hold
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support ser move bud
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move adr
arm move sev
bel support hol
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
gal support boh move vie
gas move bur
hel support nth move den
hol hold
ion move gre
lon hold
mid move iri
nth move den
pic support bel
pru move lvn
ruh move kie
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum move bla
ska move nwy
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet lvp
build Army nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bud support vie move tri
bul support ser move gre
bur support bel
den move bal
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
hol move kie
ion convoy nap move gre
iri move lvp
kie move mun
lon move wal
lvn move stp
lvp move cly
mid move nat
nap move gre
pic move wal
rum support arm move sev
ser move gre
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
swe move bot
tri support adr move alb
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support nap move gre
bel hold
bla move con
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur support kie move mun
cly hold
eng convoy pic move wal
gre hold
hel hold
hol move ruh
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move mun
lon move yor
lvp support pic move wal
mos support bot move stp/sc
nat move nrg
nap move gre
nwy hold
pic move wal
rum move ukr
sev hold
stp hold
tri support gre move ser
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move ser
stp move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri
bel support bur
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud move tri
bur hold
con support rum move bul
eng move nth
gre move ser
ion move adr
lvn move war
lvp move cly
mos support stp/sc move lvn
mun hold
nap move ion
nrg support eng move nth
nwy move ska
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser support bud move tri
sev move mos
sil move mun
smy move eas
stp/sc move lvn
tri support gre move ser
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ion
bel support bur
ber move kie
boh move sil
bud support vie move tri
bul support ser move gre
bur hold
con move smy
eas move ion
eng move nth
gre move ser
lvn support sil move pru
lvp move nat
mos hold
mun hold
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
ruh support mun
ser move gre
sil move pru
ska hold
stp support lvn
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr support war
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove cly
build Army con
remove hel
build Army par
remove pru
remove sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support gre
bel support bur move ruh
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud support vie move tri
bul support gre
bur move ruh
con move smy
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gre move alb
ion support gre
kie move den
lon move nwy
lvn move bot
mos support ukr
mun move boh
nat move cly
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg move bar
par move bur
ruh move kie
ska move swe
smy move eas
stp hold
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
boh move mun
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
bur move mun
cly move edi
eas move ion
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre support bud move ser
ion move tun
kie move hol
mos hold
nth move hel
nrg hold
nwy support bar move stp/nc
pru move ber
ruh support bel move hol
ser support alb move gre
sil support boh move mun
smy hold
stp hold
swe hold
tyr move tri
tys move nap
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg convoy smy move tun
alb support tri
ber support kie
bre move mid
bul support rum
bur move mun
con move smy
den move ska
edi move nth
gre move alb
hel move den
hol move kie
ion convoy smy move tun
kie hold
mar move gol
mos hold
mun support kie
nap move apu
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move pic
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bul
ser support gre move alb
smy move tun
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tun move wes
tyr support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: fleet/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
tri move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
alb support tri
apu support ven
ber support kie move mun
bud support adr move tri
bul support ser
bur move mun
den move ska
edi move nth
hel support nth move den
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
nth move den
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
pic hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ser move bud
ser support alb move tri
sil move pru
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support tri move ven
ven support adr move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
tri move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ska
remove tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move adr
ber support kie move mun
bre move mid
bud support tri
bul support rum move ser
den move bal
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move mun
gol support mar move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun hold
nat support bre move mid
nth move den
par move bur
pic move bel
pru move lvn
rom move apu
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ser
ser move bud
smy move con
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tun move naf
tys move gol
ven support tri
vie support ser move bud
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move rum
gol move mar
mun move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move tri
apu move rom
bal support kie move ber
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bre move mid
bud support alb move tri
bul support ser move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con move ank
den move kie
hel hold
kie move ber
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move kie
nat support bre move mid
nap move tys
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser move rum
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tun move naf
tyr support ruh move mun
ven support tri
vie support alb move tri
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
mun move boh
rum move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
remove boh
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bal convoy swe move lvn
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move kie
gal move boh
hel convoy hol move den
hol move den
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun move sil
nat move mid
par move pic
pru move war
rom move ven
rum move ukr
sev move mos
spa/sc hold
swe move lvn
tri support rom move ven
tyr move pie
tys support wes
ven move adr
vie support gal move boh
war move mos
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ser
ank move arm
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh move vie
bud move gal
lvn support sil move war
gol move pie
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun move boh
naf move spa
nat move mid
pic move bur
pru move war
rum hold
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/sc hold
tys move tus
ukr support war
ven support tri
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
