PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bre support par move pic
bud move rum
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move rum
con move ank
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
ion move gre
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
smy move syr
spa move por
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
ber move sil
boh support ven move tyr
bot move swe
bud move ser
con move smy
den move swe
gal support rum move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol support nth move bel
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move bel
nrg move bar
nwy support den move swe
pic move bel
por move spa
rum move bud
sev move bla
syr hold
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bla move con
boh move vie
bot move bal
bre support pic
bud move tri
bul/sc support bla move con
bur support pic
den support swe
eng support bel
gal support boh move vie
hol support bel
mun hold
nap move ion
nwy support bar move stp
pic support bre
ser support tri move bud
sil hold
spa hold
swe hold
tri move bud
tyr move ven
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move nth
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move rum
bur move bel
con move ank
den move kie
edi move yor
eng move mid
gal move bud
hol move ruh
lon move eng
mun move bur
nap move ion
nwy move stp
par support bre
pic support bur move bel
pru support bal move ber
rom move tys
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud move rum
sil move war
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move bal
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move mun
rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
bal support kie move ber
bar move nrg
bel move hol
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
bur move bel
ion move adr
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid move por
mar move spa
mun support kie move ber
nth support lon move eng
par move bur
pic support par move bur
ruh support bur move bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support bud move rum
stp move mos
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bal support ber move pru
bel move pic
ber move pru
bud move tri
bur move ruh
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support pic move bel
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move por
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic support hol move bel
por hold
pru move lvn
rom support adr move ven
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bud
smy move syr
spa support mid move por
tri support adr move ven
tun move tys
ven support bud move tri
vie support rum move gal
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ion
bal move lvn
bel support bur
bul/sc move con
bur move par
eng move nth
hol support ruh move bel
lvn move mos
mun move bur
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pic support bel
pru support bal move lvn
rom move apu
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
sev support lvn move mos
ska support nth move den
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move gre via convoy
bar move nrg
bel move hol
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul/sc move aeg
bur move ruh
den move swe
hol hold
ion convoy apu move gre
lon move eng
mar move bur
mos support ukr move war
nap move tys
nth move hel
par support mar move bur
pic support bel
por move mid
pru move bal
rom move apu
ruh move kie
ska move den
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move adr
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy apu move smy
ank move con
apu move smy via convoy
bal move swe
bel move hol
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur move mun
den move bal
gal move rum
gre move bul
hel move den
hol support kie
ion convoy apu move smy
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move iri
mos support ukr move war
nrg move nth
nwy move fin
par support bur
pic support bel
ruh move mun
stp move mos
swe support den move bal
ukr move war
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet/dislodged bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove syr
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy nap move smy
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber move kie
bul support rum
bur move mun
eng move bel
fin move nwy
hel support bal move kie
hol hold
ion convoy nap move smy
iri convoy rom move lvp
kie move den
nap move smy via convoy
nth support eng move bel
par support pic
pic support bel
rom move lvp via convoy
ruh move mun
ser move bud
smy move arm
stp move mos
swe move den
tys convoy rom move lvp
ven move tyr
war move pru
wes convoy rom move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
arm support rum move sev
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bud move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
hel support kie move hol
hol support ber move kie
ion move aeg
iri convoy rom move lvp
kie move hol
mid convoy rom move lvp
nth support bel
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom move spa via convoy
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev support ukr move rum
smy support aeg move con
stp move mos
swe move bal
tyr move mun
tys convoy rom move spa
ukr move rum
wes convoy rom move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Army nap
remove pic
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support hol move kie
bel move eng
ber move kie
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move aeg
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri move eng
kie move den
lon move hol via convoy
lvp move iri
mid support iri move eng
mun hold
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move hol
par move pic
rom move ven
ruh move hol
sev support stp move mos
smy move ank
spa move por
stp move mos
swe move den
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support kie move ber
bel move eng
ber move kie
boh support ven move tyr
bur support pic move bel
eng move iri
gal move war
hel move hol
iri support bel move eng
kie move ber
lon hold
gol convoy rom move mar
mid support eng move iri
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
nth support bel move eng
pic move bel
pie support rom move mar
rom move mar via convoy
ruh move hol
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
swe move den
tys convoy rom move mar
ukr hold
ven move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
iri move lvp
ukr disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
