PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move stp
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
ber move sil
bot move swe
bul move ser
con move bul
eng move bel
ion move tun
nth convoy yor move hol
par move gas
sev move bla
stp move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move ukr
yor move hol
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bel move pic
bla support sev move rum
bul move rum
con move bla
edi move hol
hol move ruh
lon move eng
nth convoy edi move hol
rum move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
smy move aeg
swe move ska
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
ank move con
bla support sev move rum
bud move rum
con move bul/sc
eng support pic move bre
gal support sev move rum
hol move kie
ion move gre
nth move den
nwy move den
pic move bre
ruh support hol move kie
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
ska convoy nwy move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul/sc move gre
con move ank
edi move nrg
eng support lon move nth
gal move ukr
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lon move nth
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy move den
ruh move mun
ser move rum
sev move mos
ska support nwy move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla convoy sev move con
bud hold
eng move mid
hel move den
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
nth support hel move den
nrg support nth
rum move bul
sev move con
ska support nwy
tri move bud
tun move wes
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr move rum
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla support con move ank
bud support tri move ser
bul support rum
con move ank
den move swe
edi move bel
lon support nth
lvp move nat
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc move wes
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy support ska move swe
rom move ven
rum support bul
ska move swe
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc support nwy
tri move ser
ven move tyr
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move bur
bla move ank
bud move rum
bul support rum
den move ska
lon move eng
mid move spa/sc
nat move mid
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support ska move swe
pru support sil move war
rum support bul
ser hold
sil move war
ska move swe
spa/sc hold
stp/nc support nwy
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war hold
wes support mid move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
boh move sil
bul move ser
bur move mun
eng move mid
mid move naf
mos support war
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy hold
pru move war
rom move tys
rum support bul move ser
ser move gre
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
ska move nwy
smy move con
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc support nwy
swe support nwy
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move tri
war support ukr move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
bud support tri move ser
bur move par
gre hold
ion move tun
kie support tyr move mun
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
naf support tun
nth move den
nrg move nth
pru move ber
sil move boh
ska support nth move den
spa/sc move gol
tri move ser
tun support naf
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
boh move sil
bud move rum
den move kie
edi move nwy
gre move bul
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
mun move kie
naf move wes
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
por move mid
ser support gre move bul
sil move boh
ska support edi move nwy
spa/sc support naf move wes
tun move tys
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: fleet/dislodged tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
bur support spa/sc move mar
den support ber move kie
eng move mid
hol hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mun move ruh
naf support mid move wes
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
ser move rum
sil move ber
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc support wes move gol
tun hold
tys move wes
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie move mun
bur support kie move mun
den move kie
hol support ruh move bel
kie move mun
lon move eng
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mun move kie
naf support wes move tun
nap move tys
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh move bel
ska move nth
spa/sc move wes
swe move fin
tun hold
tus move pie
tys move tus
ven move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
tun move ion
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur move ruh
eng move bel
fin move stp
ion move tun
kie move hol
gol move tys
naf support tun
nth support kie move hol
nwy support fin move stp
spa/sc support wes
tun support gol move tys
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tus move gol
ven move tyr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
edi move bel
eng move pic
hol support edi move bel
ion move tun
lon move bel
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mun move ruh
naf support tun
nap support rom move tys
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy move ska
rom move tys
ruh move bur
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tun support tys
tyr move mun
tys support tun
ven move tyr
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
tys move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
boh move sil
bud move gal
bur move mar
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move bel
lvn support sil move war
gol support tys move tus
mun support boh move sil
naf support wes
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
pic move eng
rum support bud move gal
sil move war
ska move den
spa/sc support bur move mar
tun move tys
tus move gol
tyr move ven
tys move tus
wes support tus move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
