PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move bul
kie move den
mar move spa
mun move ruh
par move bur
smy move con
tri move alb
vie move boh
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move rum
boh move tyr
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
eng move lon
ruh move bel
spa move por
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
ank move arm
bul move rum
con move bul
den move ska
ruh move hol
rum move bla
ser hold
smy move aeg
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move adr
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur move bel
eng move nth
hol hold
mun hold
por move spa
rum support arm move sev
ser move alb
ska move den
tri support ven
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move apu via convoy
bel hold
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
con move sev via convoy
eng move nth
gre move ser
kie move den via convoy
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
par move pic
rum hold
sev move ukr
smy move con
spa move mar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tun via convoy
bel hold
bla convoy con move rum
bur move mun
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
ion convoy alb move tun
kie support ruh move hol
mar move pie
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
ukr support sev move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove den
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla convoy ank move sev
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
ion convoy tun move apu
kie move den
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
nth support bel move hol
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh support mun move hol
rum move gal
ser move tri
smy move aeg
tun move apu via convoy
ukr move war
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move hol
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move bel
gal move war
hol move kie
ion support apu move nap
mar move bur
mos hold
nth support ska move den
pie move ven
sev move ukr
ska move den
tri support bud move vie
tyr support pie move ven
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move apu
ank move sev via convoy
bel hold
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move apu via convoy
den move swe
hol move kie
ion convoy con move apu
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
mar move pie
mos move stp
nth support bel
tri hold
tyr support bur move mun
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
France: fleet swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support nap move rom
bel move hol
ber move sil
eng move lon
gal move boh
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mun hold
nap move rom
nth support eng move lon
par move bur
pie move ven
ser move tri
smy move aeg
stp move fin
tri move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move sev via convoy
apu move ven
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bur support mun
con move bul
fin support stp move nwy
hol move ruh
ion move tys
mar move gol
mun support sil move boh
nth move den
par move pic
pie support ven
rom support apu move ven
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil move boh
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven hold
vie support ser move tri
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move spa
apu move ven
bla hold
boh move sil
bul move spa via convoy
bur move mar
den move swe
fin move swe
ion convoy bul move spa
gol move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nwy support fin move swe
pie move tus
pru move war
rom support apu move ven
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
swe move nwy
tri support apu move ven
tyr hold
tys convoy bul move spa
ukr move mos
ven support mun move tyr
vie support tyr
war support boh move sil
wes convoy bul move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
France: fleet/dislodged swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe disband
ven disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
