PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move sil
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
gal move war
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
ser move tri
sil move mun
smy move con
spa hold
tus move pie
tys move tun
ukr support rum
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move adr
bel support mun move bur
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move eng
mos move war
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth support lon move eng
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
rum move bla
sil support mun
smy move eas
spa support bur move mar
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support eas move ion
apu move adr
bel support bur
bot move bal
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
bur support pie move mar
den support swe
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol support bel
mar support par move bur
nth move eng
nrg move bar
par move bur
pie move mar
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sil move war
stp/sc move fin
swe hold
tri move ven
ven move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
apu move nap
bal hold
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud support alb move ser
bur move par
con move bul
den move bal
eng move bre
fin move stp/sc
gal move vie
gre support ser
hol move ruh
ion move tys
lon move nth
mid move por
mar support par move bur
par move bur
pie move mar
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil support ber move pru
smy move aeg
spa move por
swe hold
tri hold
ven move tri
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal move kie
bar move stp/nc
bre move eng
bud support alb move tri
bul move gre
bur move par
den move bal
eng support mid move bre
fin move stp/sc
gre move alb
ion move tun
gol move tys
mid move bre
mar move bur
nap support gol move tys
nth move ska
par move pic
pic support bur move par
pie move ven
pru move war
ruh support bur
rum move bud
ser support gre move alb
sil support pru move war
spa move por
tri move adr
tys move gol
ven move rom
vie support rum move bud
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
bud move gal
par move gas
tys move tus
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
remove tri
remove tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
bal move den
bar move stp/nc
bre move mid
bud move vie
eng move nth
fin move stp/sc
gal move rum
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move gas
mos support fin move stp
mun move kie
nap move tys
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
por move spa
rom move tus
ruh move hol
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tun move tys
tus move rom
ven support rom move tus
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
tus move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
apu move nap
bar move stp/nc
ber support den move kie
bur support mun
den move kie
eng move bre
gal move bud
gas move bur
ion support apu move nap
kie move bal
lvn support stp/sc
mid move por
mar support gas move bur
mos support stp/sc
mun support ber
nap move apu
nth move hol
nwy support bar move stp
par support bur
pie move gol
ruh support den move kie
sev move rum
spa move por
stp/sc hold
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus move pie
tyr support tri move ven
ven support tus move pie
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nap move rom
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
remove gal
build Army lon
remove pie
remove rom
remove rum
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move swe
bar move stp/nc
bre move mid
bur support par move gas
con move aeg
fin support bar move stp
gas move spa
gre move ion
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn move pru
gol hold
mid move spa/nc
mos support stp/sc
mun support ber move kie
nap support ven move rom
nwy support bar move stp
par move gas
ruh move kie
smy move eas
spa move por
tri move ven
tyr hold
tys move wes
ven move rom
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move pru
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bur move mar
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
eas hold
fin support stp/nc
gal support pru move war
gas support bur move mar
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move nwy via convoy
gol support mar
mid move spa/nc
mar move spa
mos support bot move stp
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move swe
por support mar move spa
pru move war
rom move ven
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tun move naf
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
war support ber move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
swe move bot
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove mid
build Army sev
build Army smy
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support fin move stp
ber support sil move mun
boh support gal move sil
bot support stp/sc
bre move mid
bul move rum
den move hel
eas convoy smy move apu
fin move stp
gal move sil
gas support mar move spa
hol move ruh
ion convoy smy move apu
gol support ven move pie
mar move spa
mos support stp/sc
mun hold
naf move mid
nth move eng
nwy support fin move stp
por support spa
pru move war
rom move tus
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
smy move apu via convoy
spa hold
stp/sc hold
swe move bot
tun move naf
tyr support boh
ven move pie
war support gal move sil
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bot move bal
bre move mid
bul move ser
eas move ion
eng support bre move mid
gas support mar
hel move den
ion move tun
gol support spa move mar
mid move nat
mar move pie
mos hold
naf move mid
nwy move fin
pie support spa move mar
por move spa
pru move sil
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa move mar
swe move bot
tus support pie
tyr support sil move mun
war support sil
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bar support fin move stp
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre move mid
bur support mun
den support bot move bal
eng move nth
fin move stp
gas move par
ion move tun
lvp hold
gol support mar
mar support spa move gas
mos move lvn
mun support ber
naf move mid
nat support naf move mid
pie support mar
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil support bal move ber
spa move gas
stp move lvn
tun move naf
tus support pie
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven support tyr
war move pru
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support fin move stp
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bre hold
bud move gal
bur support mun
den support kie
fin move stp
gas support mar move bur
kie support pru move ber
gol convoy tus move cly
mid convoy tus move cly
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun support pru move ber
naf support mid
nat convoy tus move cly
nth move nrg
par support bur
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tun support naf
tus move cly via convoy
tyr support sil move mun
ukr move mos
ven support tyr
war move pru
wes convoy tus move cly
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur support kie move mun
cly move lvp
den support kie
fin move stp
gal move sil
gas move bre
kie move mun
gol support mar
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move lvn
naf move mid
nat support cly move lvp
nrg move nat
par support bur
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh support kie move mun
sev move mos
stp move lvn
tun move naf
tyr support mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr
war support mos move lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support stp move lvn
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
cly move edi
den move nth
eng move lon
fin move swe
gas move bre
kie support ber
lvp move nat
gol support mar
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun support pru move ber
naf support mid
nat move lvp
nrg move edi
par support bur
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil move ber
tyr support mun
ukr support mos
ven support pie
war move lvn
wes support mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support stp
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre move par
bur support par move ruh
cly move edi
con move bul
kie support ber move ruh
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf move mid
nat support mid move iri
nth move nwy
nrg move nat
par support bur
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh support bur move kie
sev support mos
sil support pru move ber
swe move nwy
tyr support mun
ukr support mos
ven move tus
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support mun
bre move pic
bul move ser
bur move mun
edi support iri move lvp
iri move lvp
kie support bur move mun
lon support mid move eng
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
nat support iri move lvp
nth move nwy
pie support mar
ruh support bur move mun
sev support mos
sil support ber
tus hold
tyr support mun
ukr move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: army edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: army edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bre support pic move par
bur move pic
con move bul
edi support lvp move cly
eng support lon move nth
gal move boh
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move cly
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nwy move ska
par support bur move pic
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil support ber
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
tus move pie
tyr support mun
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: army edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: army edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur support bre move pic
cly support nat move nrg
edi move den via convoy
eng move bel
kie move den
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nth convoy edi move den
nwy hold
par support bre move pic
pie support mar
por hold
sil move war
stp move mos
tri move bud
tyr move vie
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: army edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: army edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
