PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den support kie
eng move mid
gal move vie
kie move hol
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move nwy
pic move bel
ser support alb move gre
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
wal hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
gre move alb
hol support bur move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mid support lon move eng
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ber
nap move apu
nwy move nth
par support mar move bur
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
smy move arm
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
rum move ukr
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
apu move adr
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support ukr move rum
boh move vie
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur support pic
den move nth
eng convoy lon move spa
gal support boh move vie
hol support bel
ion move gre
lon move spa via convoy
mid convoy lon move spa
nth support swe move den
par move bre
ruh move bur
rum support arm move sev
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
swe move den
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support alb move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
remove por
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move ion
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support ukr move rum
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur move mar
con support ank move bla
den move bal
eng move bre
gal support ukr move rum
hol move nwy via convoy
ion support adr move alb
kie move den
lon move eng
mid support eng move bre
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy hol move nwy
par support pic
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support arm move sev
ser move gre
sev hold
spa move mar
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
bur disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
arm move sev
bal support sil move ber
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move war
gas move mid
gre move alb
ion move gre
mid move wes
mun move boh
nth move eng
nwy move stp
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil move ber
spa move por
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre disband
sev disband
vie disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
remove gas
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
bal move swe
ber move den
bla support sev
bre move eng
bul hold
eng move mid
gal hold
gre hold
kie support mun move ber
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth move den
pic support mar move bur
por move spa
rom move tys
rum support gal move bud
sev hold
smy move aeg
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri move bud
ukr move mos
vie support tri move bud
war support ukr move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
bal move bot
ber move pru
bur move ruh
den move hel
eng move mid
gal hold
kie move den
mid move wes
mos support war
nap support rom move tys
nth hold
pic move bel
pru move lvn
rom move tys
smy move eas
spa hold
stp move mos
swe move bal
ven move tri
vie support bud
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal convoy den move lvn
bel move ruh
bla hold
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
den move lvn via convoy
eas move aeg
gal hold
gre move alb
hel move nth
ion support tys move tun
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun move sil
nap support tys
nth move ska
par move gas
pru support den move lvn
ruh move mun
rum hold
spa move mar
stp support den move lvn
tri move ser
tun support tys move ion
tys move tun
vie support bud
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: fleet/dislodged tun
England: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
alb move adr
bal move ber
ber move sil
bla hold
eng move mid
fin support lvn move stp
gal hold
gas move mar
gre move bul
ion support tun
lvn move stp
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth move eng
pru support sil move war
ruh move bur
sil move war
ska move nth
stp hold
vie move tri
wal hold
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove eng
remove gal
build Army par
build Army ven
remove wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu move ion
bal move swe
ber move mun
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move bul
fin support nth move nwy
gre move ion
ion move tys
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move wes
mar move tus via convoy
mos support war
naf support mid move wes
nap support ion move tys
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par hold
pie support mar move tus
pru support sil move war
ser support tri
sev support stp move mos
sil move war
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun support ion move tys
tyr move pie
tys move rom
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos disband
war disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu move ion
bal move den
bul move gre
con move bul
fin move nwy
gas support con move spa
gre move ion
gol move tys
mos support par move sev
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap move rom
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom support tus
ser support tri
tri support ven
tun move naf
tus support rom
tyr support mun move boh
tys support nap move rom
ven hold
vie move bud
war support con move lvn
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den move hel
edi move nth
fin move stp
gas move mar
gre support tys move ion
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mos move ukr
mun support tyr
nap move rom
pie support tyr move ven
rom move nap
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
sil move gal
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move ion
war support sil move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bud move vie
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move vie
hel move nth
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nth hold
nwy hold
par move pic
pie support ven
rom support tys move nap
ser move alb
sil move boh
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus hold
tys move nap
ukr support stp move mos
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wal move bre via convoy
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
tri move ser
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
remove ser
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla support sev
boh move gal
bul support rum move ser
bur move bel
con hold
eng move mid
gal move bud
hel move hol
ion support nap move apu
lon move eng
mos hold
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth hold
nwy hold
rom move tys
rum move ser
sil move war
tri support gal move bud
tus hold
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ukr hold
ven move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
apu move ven
bel move bur
bla support sev
boh move tyr
bre move par
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bel
gal move rum
hol move bel
ion move eas
mid move wes
mos move sev
nap move apu
nth move den
nwy move swe
pic support eng move bel
pie support apu move ven
ser support alb move tri
sev support bul move rum
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tri move ser
tus move ven
tys move ion
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army/dislodged ven
England: fleet ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove tus
remove war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move ser
apu move nap
bel move hol
bla support sev
boh move mun
bud support ser
bul move rum
bur move gas
con support bul
den move hel
eas move smy
edi move nth
gal support tyr move vie
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion move aeg
lvp move iri
mos support ukr move sev
par move bre
pic move bre
pie move ven
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
swe move bal
tri support adr move ven
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven move apu
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
apu support pie move ven
bal move ber
bla support sev move rum
bud support gal move vie
bul support sev move rum
con support bul
gal move vie
gre move aeg
hel convoy lon move kie
hol support lon move kie
ion move aeg
iri move eng
kie move den
lon move kie via convoy
gol move tus
mos move stp
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move kie
pic move bre
pie move ven
rum support ser
ser move gre
sev move rum
tri support ven
tus move rom
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
remove tus
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bul move ser
apu support ion move adr
ber move bal
bla move sev
boh move sil
bre move par
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move smy
den move swe
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gas support bre move par
gre move aeg
hel support kie move den
ion move adr
kie move den
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move nwy
par move bur
pie move tyr
rum support bul move ser
ser move tri
smy move con
stp move nwy
tri move ven
ven move adr
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
alb support ser
apu move ven
bal support den move swe
bla move sev
bud support tri
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bre
gas move spa
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move gre
kie support sil move ber
gol support bur move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support gas move spa
mos move stp
nth move den
nrg move nwy
rum support ser
sil move ber
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support bud
tyr move mun
ven move apu
vie support tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
England: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
mar move pie
swe move ska
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
