PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move tys
par move bur
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
boh move mun
bot move swe
bud hold
bul hold
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move swe
gal support rum
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
rom move apu
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
stp move fin
tys move tun
ven move tyr
wal move yor
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support tyr move ven
bel move hol
ber move pru
bot move bal
bul move gre
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
fin move swe
gal support rum
kie move ruh
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move mid
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
tun support nap move ion
tyr move ven
yor move hol
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move kie
bel move hol
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move pic
con support bul
den move bal
fin move stp
gal move war
gas move bur
gre support ion move aeg
ion move eas
mar support gas move bur
mun move bur
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
smy move eas
stp/nc move bar
swe support nth move den
tun move ion
vie move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
remove pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move nrg
bel move hol
bud support vie move gal
bul support aeg move gre
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move kie
edi move nth
gal move rum
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mun support ruh move kie
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser support gre
sev support gal move rum
smy move eas
stp hold
swe support nwy
tri move alb
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
kie move ber
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb support ser
apu move gre via convoy
bel support lon move hol
ber hold
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
den hold
eas support smy move aeg
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
ion convoy apu move gre
kie support mun move ber
lon move hol
mid move eng
mun move ber
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move edi
nwy hold
ruh support bur move mun
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp move mos
swe support nwy
ukr support bud move rum
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
apu move gre via convoy
bel move hol
ber move mun
bre move eng
bul hold
con support bul
den support hol move kie
eas move ion
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
ion convoy apu move gre
kie support ber move mun
lon move hol
mid move iri
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
ruh support bel move hol
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
swe move nwy
tyr hold
ukr support war move mos
vie support alb move tri
war move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
apu move nap
bel move wal via convoy
ber move kie
bul/sc support gre
con move bul
den move hel
edi move lvp
eng convoy bel move wal
gre support bul/sc
ion move gre
iri support bel move wal
kie hold
lon hold
lvn hold
mos support rum move sev
mun support ber move kie
nth move edi
ruh support ber move kie
rum move sev
ser support bul/sc
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ukr move war
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
sev move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army bud
remove lvn
remove nrg
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul/sc support gre
den support kie
edi move cly
eng move nth
gre support tun move ion
hel support nwy move nth
hol move kie
iri move lvp
kie support ber move mun
lon move yor
lvp hold
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun support tyr
nap move apu
nwy move nth
par move bur
rom move nap
ruh support mun
ser support bul/sc
sev move arm
stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr
tun move ion
tyr support mun
vie move boh
wal support iri move lvp
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move ank
ber move kie
boh move sil
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
cly move lvp
con move bul
den support ber move kie
edi support cly move lvp
eng move lon
gre move aeg
hel support kie move hol
hol support mun move kie
ion move eas
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mun move kie
nat support lvp
nap move ion
nth move bel
nwy hold
ruh support mun move kie
ser move bul
sil move pru
stp move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support ber move mun
vie move boh
wal support eng move lon
yor support cly move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move iri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
build Army kie
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support eas move smy
apu move ven
bel move pic
ber move mun
boh support tyr
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur move pic
con move ank
den move swe
eas move smy
edi move lvp
gre support bul/sc
hol move ruh
iri support wal move lvp
kie support hol move ruh
lon move yor
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mun support tyr
nat support wal move lvp
nwy hold
pru move ber
ruh move bel
ser move rum
sil support pru move ber
stp move fin
tri move ser
vie move tri
wal move lvp
yor support lvp move wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
bel move pic
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bul/sc support ank move con
bur move bel
con support aeg move smy
edi support yor move lvp
fin support stp move nwy
gal move war
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
iri move eng
kie move den
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
mun move kie
nat support lvp
nwy hold
ruh move bur
rum support bul/sc
ser support gre
sil support ber
smy support ank move con
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move mun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army/dislodged yor
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
yor move wal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove eas
build Army mar
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army rom
remove swe
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bel support mar move bur
ber support kie
boh support sil
bre move pic
bud support tri
bul/sc support con
bur move gas
con support bul/sc
edi hold
eng support bre move pic
fin move swe
kie support mun
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap move rom
nwy support fin move swe
par move gas
pic support bur move bel
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser support bul/sc
sil support ber
smy support aeg
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie support tri
war support sil
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bur move ruh
edi disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bel move ruh
ber support mun
boh support mun
bud move rum
bul/sc support con
bur support mun
con support bul/sc
den support ruh move kie
edi move cly
eng move nth
gre support aeg
kie move ber
mun support tyr
nwy support swe
par move pic
pic move eng
rom move tus
ruh move kie
ser support tri
sev move arm
sil support ber
smy support aeg
swe support kie move den
tri hold
tyr support mun
ven support tyr
vie move gal
war support sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
ber support hol move kie
boh support vie
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul/sc move con
bur support mun
cly move edi
con move ank
den move nwy
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gal move war
hol move kie
kie move mun
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
pic move bel
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser move alb
sil support boh
swe move den
tri move ser
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support gre
ank support con
arm support smy
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
ber support sil
boh support sil
bul support con
bur support mun
con support ank
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move nth
gre support aeg
kie support mun
lvn move stp
mun support tyr
nth move hel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy support swe
ruh support kie
ser support bul
sil support boh
ska support edi move nwy
smy support aeg
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tus support ven
tyr support mun
ven support tyr
vie support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tri
ank support con
arm hold
bar support edi move nwy
ber support sil
bul support con
bur support mun
con support bul
den move nwy
edi move nwy via convoy
hel support nth move den
hol support kie
kie support nth move den
lvn support mos move stp
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy support swe
ruh support mun
ser support bul
sil support ber
ska support edi move nwy
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr support mun
ven support tus move pie
vie support boh
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Austria: army/dislodged nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move gre
ank move smy
arm support ank move smy
bar support nwy
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bul support ser move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move bal
fin support swe move nwy
gre support aeg move ion
hel move den
hol support kie
ion move tun
lvn support stp
mar move gas
mun support tyr
nrg support nwy
pie move mar
ruh support mun
ser move gre
sil support boh move mun
ska support hel move den
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr support mun
ven support tyr
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
remove pie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal move pru
bar support nwy
bre move mid
bur support tyr move mun
den move bal
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move den
mar move gol
nrg move nat
ruh support hol move kie
ska support nwy
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ven move tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
alb move ser
arm move sev
bal support pru move ber
bar support nwy
ber move pru
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move swe
fin support swe move nwy
gre move bul
ion move gre
kie support pru move ber
lvn support ber move pru
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
nat move mid
nwy support den move swe
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun move ber
ska support nwy
smy move ank
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bul
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move arm
bal move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
boh move sil
bre move mid
con move bla
fin support stp
gal move war
gre move ion
kie support mun
lvn support stp
mid move naf
mar move gol
nap move tys
nwy move stp
par move bur
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move pru
ska move nwy
swe move fin
tri move adr
tyr move vie
tys move tun
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
bal move bot
bar support stp
ber move bal
bur move ruh
fin move stp
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol move tus
mid move spa/sc
mun support kie move ber
naf support tun
nwy support stp
pie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh move kie
swe move fin
tys support ion move tun
ven support rom move tus
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
