PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur support eng move bel
con move bul/ec
eng move bel
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move mun
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
ruh move bel
sev move bla
smy move con
spa move por
tri move ser
tus support ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move bla
bud move rum
bul/ec support ank move bla
bur support eng move bel
edi move nth
eng move bel
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mar move gol
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
por move spa
ruh move bel
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus move pie
ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla disband
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bel support hol
bla support bul/ec move rum
bul/ec move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move nth
eng support bur move bel
gal move vie
gre support con move bul
hol support bel
ion move alb
kie move den
gol move mar
mun hold
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
spa hold
stp hold
swe move ska
tyr move vie
ven hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bel move pic
ber move kie
bud move gal
bur support spa move mar
edi move nrg
eng move pic
gal move vie
hol move nth
kie move bal
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mar move gol
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy move swe
pie support tyr move ven
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev move rum
spa move mar
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
bal support kie move den
bel support mun move bur
bla move rum
bul/ec support bla move rum
bur support mar
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bel
gal move war
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mar support bur
mun move bur
nth support kie move den
nrg move nwy
pie support ven
ser move rum
sev move rum
ska move nwy
stp hold
swe move bot
tri hold
ukr move mos
ven support pie
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
remove lvn
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move arm
bal move den
bel move bur
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul/ec move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
eng support bur move bel
gre move ion
kie move hol
lon support edi move nth
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support bel move bur
nth move nrg
nrg support edi move nth
par move pic
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
smy move aeg
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun move ion
tys move nap
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
rum move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support bul/ec
arm move sev
bel move bur
bla support arm move sev
bud hold
bul/ec hold
bur support pic move bel
con support bul/ec
den move nth
eng support pic move bel
gre move bul/sc
hol support den move nth
kie move den
lon move yor
mar support bur
mos support ukr move sev
mun support bel move bur
nap move rom
nth support lon move yor
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum support ukr move sev
ser support gre
stp move mos
swe move bal
tun move ion
tus move gol
ukr move sev
ven move pie
yor support den move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bur move ruh
nth move nwy
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
remove den
remove gre
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal move ber
bel support par move bur
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul/ec move con
bur move gas
con move ank
edi support nwy move nth
eng move mid
hol support nth move bel
ion move tys
lon support nwy move nth
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun move kie
nth move bel
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
stp move mos
swe move den
tri hold
ukr move sev
ven move pie
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank support con
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber support den move kie
bre move gas
bul support alb move gre
bur move mun
con hold
den move kie
edi move nth
gal move war
hol support bel
lon move yor
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa
mar move spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun move kie
nap move apu
nth move den
par move bur
pic support ruh move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support bul
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri move ven
tys move nap
ukr move sev
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove ank
remove apu
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove hol
build Army lvp
remove gol
remove mid
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bel support bur move pic
ber support den move kie
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move pic
con move bla
den move kie
edi move hol via convoy
gas support por move spa
gre move bul/sc
kie move bal
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move hol
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
por move spa
ruh support pic move bur
rum hold
spa support mar
stp move mos
tri move adr
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bal move lvn
bel support ruh move hol
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
bul/sc support ser move gre
bur move mun
eng move bel
gas support por move spa
gre support bla move bul
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
mar support spa
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move hol
par move bur
por move spa
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ukr move sev
ser move gre
spa support mar
stp move mos
tri move tyr
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie move boh
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support pru move lvn
bel support ruh move hol
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
boh support tyr move mun
bre move pic
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move hol via convoy
eng move mid
gas support por move spa
gre support con move bul
hol move kie
ion move gre
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
mar support spa
mos move stp
mun support ruh
nth convoy edi move hol
por support gas move spa
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser support ion move gre
sev hold
spa support mar
stp move mos
tyr move mun
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army/dislodged lvn
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
lvn move war
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal support lvn
bel support ruh move hol
bla move rum
boh support war move sil
bul support bla move rum
bur move mar
eng move mid
gas move spa/nc
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvn hold
mid move wes
mar support spa
mos support sev
mun support ruh
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move hol
pic support hol move bel
por support gas move spa
rom hold
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
spa support mar
stp move mos
tyr move tri
war move sil
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move adr
arm move sev
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel support ruh move hol
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move bel
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
kie move lvn via convoy
lvn move bot
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support sev
mun support ruh
nth move hol
pic support bur move bel
por move spa
rom move nap
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil support boh move mun
smy hold
spa/nc move gas
stp move mos
tri move ven
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
bul move con
sev move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bul support smy move con
con move bul
gre move alb
hol move nth
kie move lvn via convoy
lvn move mos
mar hold
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ruh
nap hold
nth move edi
pic move bel
ruh support mun
rum support ukr move sev
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
smy move con
spa move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
mos move war
sev move arm
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bel
build Army lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move tri
ber move sil
bla support bul move con
boh move mun
bul move con
bur support spa move mar
con move ank
edi hold
gas move mid
lvn move war
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos support lvn move war
nap move rom
nth support lvp move edi
rom move nap
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support war move mos
sil support boh move mun
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
ven support nap move rom
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
England: fleet/dislodged rom
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
mar move gas
mos move lvn
rom move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
ber move sil
bla hold
boh move gal
bul support rum
bur move mar
cly hold
con move smy
gas move spa
ion move gre
lvn support stp move mos
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos support sev
rom hold
ruh support mun
rum support bul
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
stp move mos
tri support ven
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven support tri
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
England: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sil move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove cly
remove gas
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move gre
bal move kie
bla support smy move con
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bul support con
bur move mar
con hold
edi move yor
gal support mos move war
ion move gre
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move nrg
par move gas
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
rum hold
sev hold
sil move gal
smy move con
stp move mos
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven move pie
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
boh support mun
bul hold
bur support ruh move mun
con move ank
gal move war
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie move hel
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun hold
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nat
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev hold
sil move boh
tri move ven
ukr support gal move war
ven move rom
war support mos
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
ber move bal
boh support tyr move mun
bul move con
bur move mun
den move kie
gal move war
hel move nth
ion move gre
kie move ber
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move boh
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth move eng
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom hold
rum move bud
sev support ukr move mos
sil move boh
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven support rom
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
ank hold
bal convoy kie move pru
ber support sil
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur support mun
con hold
eng move mid
gal move war
ion move gre
kie move pru via convoy
lon hold
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil move boh
nap move rom
nth move eng
par move gas
pie move tus
rom move nap
sev move mos
sil hold
tri hold
tyr move ven
ukr support sev move mos
ven move apu
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move gre
ank hold
apu move nap
bal move den
ber support sil
boh move mun
bur move mun
con move smy
eng convoy lon move tun
gal move war
gas move bur
ion move aeg
lon move tun via convoy
lvn support mos
mid convoy lon move tun
mun move tyr
nap move rom
pie move ven
pru support war
rom support apu move nap
sev move mos
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
vie move tyr
wes convoy lon move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg support tun move gre
apu support ven move rom
ber support sil
boh move sil
bur move mun
den move nth
gal support boh move sil
gas move mar
gre hold
ion convoy tun move gre
lvn support mos
mun move tyr
pie move ven
pru support war
sev support ukr move mos
tri move ven
tun move gre via convoy
tys move rom
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: army/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move bul/sc
rom disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army bre
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support gre move bul
ber support sil
bre move pic
bur move mun
eng convoy lon move tun
gre move bul
lon move tun via convoy
lvn support mos
mid convoy lon move tun
mar move pie
mun move tyr
par move gas
pru support war
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
wes convoy lon move tun
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy tun move con
ank move con
ber support sil
boh move tyr
bul support tun move con
con move bul
gal move war
gas move bur
ion convoy tun move con
lvn support mos
mun move boh
pic move bel
pie support tyr
pru support war
rom support tys move tus
tri support tus move ven
tun move con via convoy
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys move tus
ukr support sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support boh move tyr
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move mun
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bel move hol
boh move sil
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bul
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move tun
gal move bud
ion move eas
lon move tun via convoy
mid convoy lon move tun
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move hol
pie move mar
rom move nap
sev move mos
sil move gal
tri move ser
tus move tys
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven move adr
vie move gal
war move ukr
wes convoy lon move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg support eas move ion
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh move mun
bud support ukr move rum
bul move ser
eas move ion
edi move den via convoy
eng move bre
gas move spa
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn move pru
mid support eng move bre
mar support gas move spa
mos support war
nth convoy edi move den
pru move ber
ser move bul
sev move mos
sil support ber move mun
tri hold
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war support mos
wes support ion move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move par
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove pru
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg move con
ank move con
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bul move gre
con move smy
eas support con move smy
edi move den via convoy
gal move vie
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move mos
sil move boh
spa move por
tri move ser
tys move ion
war move gal
wes support ion move tys
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
England: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gal
England: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul
ank move con
boh support gal
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul hold
bur move mun
eas move smy
edi move bel via convoy
gal support boh
hol support ruh move kie
kie support mun
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun support kie
nth convoy edi move bel
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move mos
smy move ank
spa move por
tri move vie
tyr support bur move mun
tys support adr move ion
vie move boh
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
England: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
England: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
kie move den
mun move ber
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
