PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move pic
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move bul/sc
gal move boh
hol support yor move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move mun
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven support tyr move tri
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move vie
bul/sc move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
gal support boh move vie
hol support yor move bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar hold
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rom move ven
ser move alb
smy move con
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
tun move ion
ven move tyr
war move sil
yor move bel
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
ank move con
apu move adr
bal move swe
bel move pic
bot support bal move swe
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
den support swe
eng support bel move pic
gal move bud
gre hold
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move ber
mar move bur
mun support kie move ber
nth support hol move bel
pic move bre
por hold
ruh move bur
sil move boh
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move tri
bal move swe
bel support lon move eng
ber support mun
boh move vie
bot support bal move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul
den support swe
eng move mid
gal support boh move vie
gre move ion
kie move bal
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nwy
par move pic
pic support ruh move bur
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move bur
ser support gal move bud
smy move aeg
swe support kie move bal
tri support vie
ven move tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bal move pru
bel move nth
ber move sil
bot support lvn move bal
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
den move kie
eng move bre
gal move bud
gre support aeg move ion
lvn move bal
mid support eng move bre
mar move bur
mun move bur
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
pic support bur move par
ser move tri
spa hold
swe move bot
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
par disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bal support bot move swe
ber move pru
bot move swe
bre move gas
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
gas hold
gre support aeg move ion
ion move aeg
kie support nth move den
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid support bre move gas
mar support gas
mos move war
mun move ber
nth move den
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pru move bal
ser move tri
sil support ber move pru
spa move por
swe support pru move bal
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb support ser move tri
bal move swe
ber move sil
bot move stp/sc
bre support mid move gas
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur support mid move gas
con move bul
den support swe
eng support iri move mid
gas hold
gre move ion
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie support mun move ber
mid move gas
mar support gas
mun move ber
pic support bur
por move spa
pru move bal
ser move tri
sil move gal
swe support pru move bal
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys move tun
ven move rom
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move lvn
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move tri
apu move nap
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh move mun
bre support bur move gas
bud support war move gal
bur move gas
den move nth
eng support gas move mid
gal move ukr
gas move mid
ion move nap
kie move mun
lvn move stp/sc
mid move wes
mar hold
pic move bur
rom support tyr move ven
sil support ber move pru
smy move aeg
spa support mar
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tun hold
tyr move ven
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu move nap
bal support bot move lvn
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bre support eng move mid
bud move vie
bur support kie move mun
eng move mid
gal support bud move vie
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie move mun
lvn move bot
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa
nth move eng
pru move war
rom support ven
rum move sev
ser support alb move tri
sil support pru move war
spa support mar
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
Russia: fleet/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move pru
spa move por
tyr move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army lon
remove tun
remove vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
bal move pru
ber move sil
boh support gal move sil
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move mar
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move sil
gas support bur move mar
ion move adr
kie move ber
lon move pic
lvn support bal move pru
mid move por
mar support por move spa
mos support war move ukr
mun support ber move sil
nap move ion
por move spa
rom support ven
ser move bud
sil move war
spa/sc support mid move por
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
ber move sil
boh move sil
bud hold
eng move mid
gal move war
gas move bre
kie move ber
lvn move bot
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
nap move ion
nwy move nth
pic move bur
pie move tus
pru move bal
rom support ven
rum hold
spa/sc move gol
tri hold
tun move tys
tyr support ven
ukr support war move gal
ven support tyr
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove boh
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
ank move bla
bal move den
ber move sil
bot move swe
bre move par
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move aeg
gal move rum
kie move mun
lon move wal
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nth move eng
por move spa/sc
rom support ven move tus
rum move ukr
sil move war
smy move arm
tri hold
tus move ven
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tus
vie support bud move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
bla support ukr move rum
boh support sil move gal
con move bul/ec
den move nth
eng move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gol support pie
mar support pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap support tun move ion
par move bur
pie support mun move tyr
rom support ven
rum move ser
sev move rum
sil move gal
spa/sc move wes
swe move ska
tri hold
tun move ion
tus support ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support mun move tyr
vie move gal
wal move eng
war support sil move gal
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
ber move sil
bla support rum move sev
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul/ec support rum
bur move par
eng move mid
gal support ser move bud
ion move eas
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar support pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
naf support mid move wes
nap support tys move ion
nth move eng
pie support ven
rom support tus
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move rum
tri support adr move ven
tus support ven
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ven support tus
vie hold
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: army/dislodged sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move rum
sev move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support arm move smy
arm move smy
bla support sev
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul/ec support rum
eas move aeg
eng move lon
gal move rum
ion move adr
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar support pie
mos move stp
naf move tun
nap support tys move ion
par move gas
pie support tus move ven
rom move tus
rum hold
sev hold
sil move gal
ska move nwy
tri move ven
tus move ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet ber
remove eas
build Fleet kie
remove gol
build Army mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Germany: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
ber move bal
bla hold
bud support gal move rum
bul/ec move rum
gal move rum
gas support mun move bur
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap hold
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum move ukr
sil move gal
smy move con
stp move nwy
tri support ven
tun move wes
tus support ven
tyr support vie move tri
tys support ion move tun
ukr support gal move rum
ven support tri
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bal move swe
bla support bul/ec move rum
bud support gal move rum
bul/ec move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eng move bre
gal move rum
gas support wes move spa
gre support con move bul
mar support spa/sc
mos support rum move sev
nap move ion
nwy move swe
pie support mar
rum move sev
ser support vie move tri
sev support bul/ec move rum
spa/sc support mar
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun support tys move wes
tus move rom
tyr support vie move tri
tys move wes
ukr support rum move sev
ven move apu
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Germany: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev disband
spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
