PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move tun via convoy
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur hold
con move bul
den hold
fin move swe
gal move bud
gas move spa
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp hold
nrg move nwy
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
ukr move rum
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move bel
den move swe
eng move bel
gre move bul/sc
hol support bur move bel
ion convoy tun move alb
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
nwy move swe
par support mar move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
rum support bud
ser support vie move bud
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun move alb via convoy
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bel support mar move bur
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
eng support bur move bel
gal move vie
gas support spa move mar
gre move bul/sc
hol move ruh
ion support alb move gre
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mar move bur
mun support hol move ruh
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
par move bur
rum support bul move ser
ser support vie move bud
sev support rum
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
swe support nth move nwy
tri support vie move bud
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move pic
nwy move ska
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bar move nwy
bel support bur
ber move pru
bud support ser move tri
bur move mar
con move bul
gre move alb
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move wal
mun support bur
nap move tys
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
ruh support bur
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev hold
ska support bar move nwy
smy move eas
stp support bar move nwy
swe support kie move den
tri move vie
ven move tri
vie move gal
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support ven move tri
bel move pic
bla move con
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
bur support bel move pic
den move ska
eas move ion
gal move vie
hol move nth
lon move wal
mun move sil
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pru move war
ruh move bel
sev move rum
ska support nwy move swe
stp move lvn
swe support nth move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move bud
wal move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
tri move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move nap
alb support tri move ser
ank move con
bel move yor via convoy
bud move vie
bur move par
con move bul/sc
den support nth
gre move ser
ion convoy smy move nap
lvn support ukr move war
gol move mar
nth convoy bel move yor
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pic support bur move par
pru move lvn
rum move bla
sil move war
ska move nwy
smy move nap
stp/nc support ska move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move ser
ukr move war
vie move boh
wal move iri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb move gre
bar move stp/nc
bel move lon via convoy
bla move con
boh move mun
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
den move ska
gre move nap
ion convoy gre move nap
iri support nth move eng
lvn support stp/nc
gol move mar
nap move rom
nth convoy bel move lon
nwy support bar move stp
par hold
pic move bre
pru move sil
ser support bla move bul
sil move mun
ska move nwy
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp/nc support ska move nwy
swe support den move ska
ukr move war
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army ber
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ber support pru
boh support war move gal
bul support aeg move con
con support ser move bul
gre hold
ion support gre
iri move mid
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support mos move war
mar move gol
mos move war
mun support sil move boh
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
rom move ven
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move boh
ska support lon move nwy
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc support nwy
swe support lon move nwy
tyr support boh
ven move adr
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm move ank
ber support sil
boh move mun
bre hold
bul support aeg move con
bur move par
con support ser move bul
edi move yor
gal move rum
gre support bul
ion support gre
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mid move por
mun support sil
nth support ska move nwy
nrg move edi
nwy move fin
pru move war
ser move bul
sil support mun
ska move nwy
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tyr support boh move mun
ven move tri
war support lvn move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove par
build Army sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg move con
alb move tri
ank move smy
ber support sil move mun
boh move vie
bre move par
bul support aeg move con
con support ank move smy
edi hold
fin move stp
gre move alb
ion support gre move alb
kie support sil move mun
mun move tyr
nth hold
nwy support fin move stp
por move mid
pru move lvn
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy support aeg move con
swe move bot
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ven support mun move tyr
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
stp/nc move bar
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Italy: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
alb move tri
ank support bla move con
ber move pru
bla move con
boh move tyr
bot support stp
bud move vie
bul support con
con support smy move ank
edi hold
gal move sil
ion move gre
kie move den
lon hold
lvn move mos
mid move bre
mun move boh
nth move edi
nwy support stp
par move bre
pie support tri move ven
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy move ank
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support mun move boh
ven support alb move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Italy: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
remove pie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move smy
ber support mun move sil
bla support bul move con
boh support mun move sil
bot support stp
bul move con
con move bul/sc
den move yor via convoy
edi hold
gal support vie
gre support con move bul
ion move alb
lon hold
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mos support sil move war
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth convoy den move yor
nwy support nth
par move bre
pru support mun move sil
rom support tri move ven
ser support adr move tri
sil move war
tri move ven
tyr support boh
ven support nap move rom
vie support adr move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support bul move con
bar support mos move stp
ber move sil
bla support bul move con
boh move vie
bot support stp
bul move con
con support smy move ank
edi hold
gal support war
gre move ion
iri move eng
lon hold
mid move gas
mos move stp
nap support ven move rom
nth support yor move edi
nwy support bot move stp
par move bre
pru support sil move war
rom move tus
ser support alb move gre
sil move war
smy move ank
stp move mos
tri move ven
tyr support boh move vie
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
edi move nrg
stp move fin
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
remove nrg
build Army sev
remove smy
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bar move nrg
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move rum
bot support fin
bre hold
con move smy
edi move lvp
eng convoy lon move bre
fin support nwy
gal support ser move bud
gas support lon move bre
gre move ion
ion move tun
kie move hel
lon move bre via convoy
mos support stp
nap move tys
nth move eng
pru support ber move war
rom move tus
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil move war
stp hold
tri support ser move bud
tyr move tri
ven support tri
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
Germany: army/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
bot support fin move stp
bre move par
bud move vie
eng move bel
fin move stp
gal move sil
gas move bre
hel move nth
ion move tun
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
nth move lon
nrg support stp move nwy
nwy support fin move stp
pic move par
pru support war
rum move gal
sil support war
stp move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tus move ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion move tun
ukr support lvn move war
ven move adr
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
tun move wes
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army sev
remove wes
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar support nth move nwy
bel hold
boh support tyr
bot support stp
bre move par
con move aeg
gal move boh
gas move bre
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mos move lvn
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pic move par
pru move lvn
rom move tus
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move pru
smy move arm
stp support pru move lvn
tri support ven move tyr
tun move naf
tyr support boh
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie support gal move boh
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
tyr move pie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bar move nrg
bel hold
boh move sil
bot support pru move lvn
bre move par
cly support nrg move edi
edi move lvp
eng move nth
gal support boh move sil
gas move bre
ion move tys
mos move lvn
naf move mid
nrg move edi
nwy support bar move nrg
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move lvn
sev move mos
sil move pru
stp support pru move lvn
tri move ven
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support war
vie hold
war support mos move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel hold
bot support lvn
bre move eng
gal support ukr move war
ion move aeg
lvn support stp move mos
lvp support nrg move edi
gol convoy tus move mar
mid support bre move eng
mar move bur
mos support ukr move war
mun support pru move ber
nap move tys
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
par hold
pic support mar move bur
pru move ber
sev support mos
sil support war move pru
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp move mos
tri move bud
tus move mar via convoy
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: fleet/dislodged edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move bul
bel hold
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot convoy lvn move fin
bud move vie
bur move ruh
cly move lvp
edi support nth
eng support yor move lon
gal move boh
lvn move fin via convoy
lvp support edi
gol convoy pie move spa
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support pru move lvn
mun support ber
nth move lon
nrg support nth
par hold
pic move bur
pie move spa via convoy
pru move lvn
sev support mos
sil support boh move mun
smy move bul via convoy
spa/sc move por
tys move ion
war support pru move lvn
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove pic
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot support stp
bul move rum
cly support spa move lvp
edi support nth
eng move bel
fin move nwy
gal support sil
ion move tys
iri convoy spa move lvp
lon move nth
lvn move stp
lvp support edi
gol move wes
mid convoy spa move lvp
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
nth support edi
nrg support nth
par support mar move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
sev move ukr
sil support war move pru
spa move lvp via convoy
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Germany: army/dislodged lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move yor
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bel support lon move nth
ber support mun
boh support tyr
bot support stp
bur support bel
cly move edi
con move aeg
edi support yor
eng support lon move nth
gal move sil
iri support lvp
lon move nth
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mid move nat
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
nth convoy nwy move hol
nrg support nth
nwy move hol via convoy
par move pic
pru support sil move ber
ruh support nwy move hol
rum move bud
sil move ber
spa/sc move mid
tyr support boh
tys hold
ukr move gal
vie hold
wes hold
yor support edi
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
nth move den
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support eng move nth
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot support stp
bud move vie
bur support boh move mun
cly move edi
den move nth
edi support nrg
eng move nth
gal move boh
iri hold
lvn move stp
lvp support cly move edi
mid convoy rom move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
nat move cly
nth move nrg
nrg support edi
nwy support stp
pic hold
pru support sil move ber
rom move gas via convoy
ruh support mun
sil move ber
tyr support boh move mun
tys convoy rom move gas
ukr move war
vie move tri
war move sil
wes convoy rom move gas
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
edi move yor
mun disband
nth move hol
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber support hol move kie
boh move mun
bur support mun
cly support lvp move edi
gas move par
hol support ber move kie
ion move gre
iri move eng
kie move ber
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
mid move bre
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth move lon
pic move bel
sil support boh move mun
tri move ven
tyr support mun
tys move ion
vie move bud
wes move tun
