PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun support ber
nap move tys
par move bre
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
ber move kie
bla move sev
bot move swe
bre move gas
bul move rum
con move bla
den move swe
gal support ukr move rum
mid move por
mar move spa
mun support ber
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ser support alb move gre
tri move bud
tys move tun
ukr move rum
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move pru
bot move swe
bud move ser
den move bal
edi move nrg
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre move aeg
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move ska
nwy support bot move swe
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev hold
spa support gas move mar
tri move alb
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
bal move swe
bel support nth move hol
ber move pru
gal move rum
gre move bul
kie move den
mar hold
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev hold
ska move den
spa hold
swe support ska move den
tri move bud
tys move gol
ven move tyr
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal support ber
bel support hol
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud hold
bul support ser move rum
bur support mar
edi move nrg
gal move war
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie move den
lon move nth
gol support pie move mar
mar support por move spa
nwy support ska move swe
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
ska move swe
spa move naf
swe move fin
tyr hold
vie support bud
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move swe
bel move hol
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mun
fin support mos move stp
hol move kie
gol support wes move spa
mid move wes
mar support spa
mos move stp
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
por support spa
rum support sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
smy support aeg move con
spa support mar
stp/nc support nwy
swe support nth move den
tyr move mun
vie move gal
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove fin
build Army lon
remove mos
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nwy
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support mar
con move bla
edi move yor
gal move sil
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move bel
gol move spa/sc
mid support por move spa
mar hold
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move ska
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa move naf
swe move den
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ukr move war
vie move boh
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
bel support yor move hol
ber support kie
bla support rum move sev
boh move sil
bud support gal
bur move mun
con move ank
gal move ukr
kie support bur move mun
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar support spa
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy hold
pie move mar
por support spa
rum move sev
sev hold
ska support swe move den
spa support mar
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri hold
ukr move war
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
yor move hol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
mun disband
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
remove ukr
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move bal
bla support con move ank
boh support bud move gal
bud move gal
con move ank
den support hol move kie
edi move yor
gal move ukr
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move bel
gol support mar
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move nrg
por support mid move spa
sev move arm
ska move nwy
spa move naf
stp/nc hold
tri support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move bur
ber move mun
boh move sil
bud move rum
den move bal
gal support boh move sil
gas move mar
ion move tys
kie support ber move mun
gol support mar
mid move wes
mun hold
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy hold
por support spa
ruh support ber move mun
sev move mos
spa support gas move mar
stp/nc hold
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tyr move boh
tys move wes
war move mos
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bla support ank move arm
boh support sil
bur hold
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move war
gas support spa move mar
kie support mun
lvp move iri
gol support mar
mid move bre
nat support lvp move iri
nap move tys
nwy hold
por move spa/sc
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev support ank move arm
sil support gal move war
smy move con
spa move mar
stp/nc hold
tun support wes move naf
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven hold
wal move pic
war move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bal hold
ber hold
bla move bul/ec
bre hold
bur move gas
con move bul
eng support pic move bre
gas move mar
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun
gol support mar
mun hold
naf move mid
nat move mid
nwy hold
pic move bre
por hold
ruh support mun
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
spa support gas move mar
stp/nc hold
tys support tun
ukr move mos
war move lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal hold
ber hold
bla move bul/ec
boh move sil
bre move par
bur support bre move par
con move bul
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move par
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun
lon move pic
lvn support war move pru
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
naf move mid
nat move mid
nwy support stp/nc
por move mid
ruh support bur
sev move arm
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move pru
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal support ber
ber hold
bla move bul/ec
boh move mun
bur support mun
con move bul
eng support mid
gas move bre
iri support mid
kie support mun
lvn support pru
gol support spa/sc
mid hold
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support bur
naf move mid
nwy support stp/nc
par support bur
pic move bre
pie move ven
por support naf move mid
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
smy support arm move ank
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp/nc hold
tri support tyr
tun move naf
tyr support boh move mun
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove por
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support ber
ber hold
bla move bul/ec
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
con move bul
eng move bre
gas support mar move bur
iri support lon move eng
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn support pru
gol support spa/sc
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support bur
naf move mid
nat move mid
nwy support stp/nc
par support bur
pic support eng move bre
rom move ven
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
smy support ank move con
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp/nc hold
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ven move pie
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
bla move con
boh support tyr
bre support iri move mid
bur support mun
con move bul
eng support iri move mid
gas hold
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn support pru
gol move wes
mid move gas
mar support mid move gas
nat support iri move mid
nwy support stp/nc
par support bur
pic support bre
pie support mar
por support mid
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
sil move ber
smy hold
spa/sc support mid
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
remove mar
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
boh support tyr
bre support mid
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur hold
con move aeg
eng support mid
kie support mun
lvn support pru
mid support spa/sc move por
mos move stp
mun hold
nat support mid
nwy support stp/nc
par move gas
pic hold
pie move tus
pru support sil move ber
rom move apu
ruh support mun
sil move ber
smy move con
spa/sc move por
stp/nc hold
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bal support ber
ber hold
boh move mun
bre support nat move mid
bur move mar
con move bul
eng support nat move mid
gas move mar
kie support mun
lvn support mos move stp
mid move naf
mos move stp
mun hold
nat move mid
nwy support stp/nc
pic hold
pie support tri move ven
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil support pru
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tus support apu move ven
tyr support tri move ven
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army nap
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal support ber
ber hold
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
eng support bre move mid
gas move mar
gre move alb
ion support adr move apu
kie support mun
lvn support pru
mid move wes
mun hold
naf support mid move wes
nap support apu
nwy support stp/nc
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
stp/nc hold
tri support ven
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
ven support adr move apu
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ion
bal support ber
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bre move par
bur move mar
eng support mid
gas support wes move spa
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn support pru
mid support wes move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move wes
nap support rom
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rom support nap
ruh support mun
sil move mun
spa/sc support por
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tyr support sil move mun
tys move gol
ven move tus
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
bur support gas move mar
eng move mid
gas move mar
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
kie support mun
lvn support pru
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mid move naf
mun hold
nap support rom
nwy support stp/nc
par move gas
pie move mar
rom support nap
ruh support mun
ser move tri
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc hold
tus support ven move rom
tys move tun
ven move rom
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Austria: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu support tys move rom
bal support ber
ber hold
bur support mar
gas support mid move spa
ion support tun
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn support pru
gol support wes move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
naf move tun
nap support rom
nwy support stp/nc
rom support nap
ruh support mun
stp/nc hold
tri move alb
tus support pie
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
bur move mar
gas support mar move spa
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn support pru
lvp move iri
gol support tys
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move spa
naf move tun
nwy support stp/nc
rom support tus
ruh support mun
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
tri move adr
tun support ion move tys
tys support naf move tun
ven support pie
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
alb move tri
apu support ion move nap
bal support ber
ber hold
gas move mar
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn support pru
gol support mar move pie
mid move por
mar move pie
mun hold
naf move tun
nwy support stp/nc
rom move tys
ruh support mun
spa support mid move por
stp/nc hold
tun move ion
tys move ion
ven support pie
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
