PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move rum
den hold
eng move bre
gal move war
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
nth move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
stp move nwy
ukr move sev
wal move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul move rum
con move bla
gre move aeg
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar move spa
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth move bel
pic move bre
rom move tus
ser move rum
sev move bla
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
tun move naf
ukr move mos
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
alb move gre
bre move par
bud move rum
eng convoy lon move por
gal move ukr
lon move por via convoy
mid convoy lon move por
nth hold
nwy hold
pru move lvn
ruh move kie
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move pru
spa move por
swe hold
tun move wes
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move bul
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
lon move pic via convoy
gol move wes
mid move eng
mos move war
naf move tun
nth move hel
nwy move stp
pie move mar
sev move rum
spa move por
ukr support mos move war
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support gal move ukr
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel hold
bul support aeg move con
den move swe
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move ukr
hel support nth move den
hol support bel
kie move ruh
lon move pic via convoy
mar move spa/sc
mos move lvn
naf move mid
nth move den
par move bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum support gal move ukr
sev support ukr move rum
smy support aeg move con
stp support mos move lvn
swe move den
tun hold
ukr move rum
vie move boh
war support gal move ukr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
rum move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move lon
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bla
den hold
eng move iri
hel move nth
lvn support mos move war
mid convoy por move gas
mar move bur
mos move war
par move pic
pic move bre
por move gas
rum hold
sev support rum
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri move tyr
ukr move sev
vie move gal
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bel move lon
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bud move ser
bur move par
con move ank
den move kie
gal support sil move war
gas support tun move bre
iri move eng
kie move den
lvn support war
mid convoy tun move bre
mos move ukr
nth move nwy
par move pic
pic support bur move par
ruh move bel
rum support bla move sev
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
sil move war
tun move bre via convoy
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr support bla move sev
war hold
wes convoy tun move bre
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support kie move ber
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud support rum move ser
eng support pic move bel
gal move war
gas move bur
ion move gre
kie hold
lon move nth
lvn support war
lvp move iri
mid support bre
mos support war
mun move ber
nap move ion
nwy hold
par support gas move bur
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser move bud
sil support gal move war
tri move alb
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal move den
bel support nth move hol
bre support par move pic
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
eng support iri move mid
gal support sil move war
gre hold
ion support gre
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mos support war
mun support tyr
nth move hol
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
pie support ven
sev move bla
sil move war
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ukr support sil move war
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move spa/sc
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove den
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
bel move hol
bla move con
bre move par
bul move ser
bur move ruh
edi move nth
eng move bel
gal support war
gre support ion move aeg
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move bal
lon hold
lvn support mos move war
mid move eng
mos move war
pic move bur
pie support ven
pru support mos move war
rom support ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move bul/sc
bal move ber
bel hold
bul support ser move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
eng hold
gal move war
gre support aeg move bul
hol support bel
kie support bal move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn move stp
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru support war
rom support ven
ruh support bur move mun
ser move gre
smy support con move aeg
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support gal move war
ven support pie move tyr
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
mun move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
remove pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg support smy move eas
bel move nth
ber move bal
boh move mun
bul support ser move gre
bur move mun
den move kie
eas support gre move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support ukr move war
gre move aeg
hol hold
ion support gre move aeg
kie move hel
lon move pic via convoy
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth move nrg
pie support mun move tyr
rom support ven
ruh support bur move mun
ser move gre
smy move eas
stp support war move mos
swe move bot
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support ion
ukr move war
ven support mun move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move smy
apu move adr
bal move lvn
boh support tri move tyr
bul support gre
eas support aeg move smy
edi move den via convoy
eng hold
gal support boh
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
mos hold
mun move sil
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh move mun
sev move mos
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tus support rom move ven
tyr move vie
tys move ion
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move con
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army nap
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move con
apu move adr
bel move pic
ber hold
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bul support con
con hold
den move hol via convoy
eas move aeg
eng hold
gal move vie
gre support bul
hel convoy den move hol
ion support apu move adr
kie hold
lvn support bot move stp
mos support stp
mun support sil move boh
nap move apu
nth hold
nwy support bot move stp
pie move tyr
sev move mos
sil move boh
smy support aeg move con
stp support mos
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr support gal move vie
ven support pie move tyr
vie support pie move tyr
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
mos move ukr
stp move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
aeg support smy move con
alb support gre
apu move tri via convoy
ber hold
boh support vie
bul support con
eng move bre
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre support bul
hel move nth
hol move ruh
ion move alb
kie support hol move ruh
lvn move bal
mos hold
mun support pie move tyr
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move par
pie move tyr
smy move con
stp/sc hold
tri support tyr move vie
tus support ven
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven support apu move tri
vie support apu move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move smy
eas support aeg move ion
gre move ser
hel hold
ion move tun
kie move lvn via convoy
lvp move iri
mun move bur
nth move eng
nwy move nth
par move gas
ruh move kie
ser move tri
smy move aeg
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ven move pie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal support kie move ber
boh move mun
bur move par
eas support aeg move ion
edi move kie via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
gas move par
hel convoy edi move kie
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move war
mid move spa/sc
mos support rum move sev
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move kie
pie move mar
pru support lvn move war
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move rum
stp/sc hold
tun move naf
tus move pie
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army edi
remove ion
build Army lon
remove pie
remove ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal move lvn
ber move mun
bud move gal
bur move par
eng convoy lon move bre
gas move par
hel move hol
kie support ber move mun
mid move por
mar move spa
mos support sev move ukr
mun move kie
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth support bel
pru move sil
ruh support mun move kie
sev move ukr
sil support bud move gal
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
tri move tyr
tys move gol
vie move boh
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
sil move ber
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
boh support tyr move mun
bur move bel
edi move den via convoy
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support ukr move war
gas move par
hol support bel
kie support ruh move hol
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move bal
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth convoy edi move den
por support spa/sc move mid
ruh move hol
sil move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move hel
mid move nat
mun move bur
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
remove eng
remove pru
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move bur
ber hold
bre move gas
bud move vie
bur move bel
den move kie
gal move war
hel support den move kie
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid support por
mar support spa/sc
mun support boh move sil
nat move lvp
nth move hol
par move pic
por hold
rom move tys
ruh support bur move bel
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp/sc hold
tri move tyr
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh support war move sil
bur support pic move bel
gas move spa
hel support kie move hol
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri move nat
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
lvp hold
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
nth move eng
pic move bel
pie support mar
por hold
rom move tus
ruh support kie move hol
spa/sc support mid move por
stp/sc move bot
tyr support mun
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
boh move sil
bot move swe
bud move gal
bur move mar
edi move lvp
eng hold
gas move spa
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move spa
nat support edi move lvp
pie move mar
por hold
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sil move pru
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move nap
vie move boh
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
eng move lon
gal move war
gas move spa
kie support ber
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar support gol move spa
mun support sil
nat move mid
nth move nwy
pic move bre
pie support mar
por support gol move spa
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
stp support nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tus move gol
tyr support mun
wal move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
