PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move rom
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move gre via convoy
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
eng move lon
gas move spa
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move ber
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
rom move ven
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
spa move por
ukr move rum
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ber move mun
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
eng support nth move bel
gre move alb
ion move tys
lon move nth
mar support spa move gas
mos move war
mun move boh
nth move bel
nwy support lon move nth
par support spa move gas
por move spa
rom support ven
rum support bul move ser
sev support rum
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
ven hold
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb support ser
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move bel
eng support bel
gas support mar move bur
kie move hol
mar move bur
mun hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par support mar move bur
rom support ven
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev support rum
sil move boh
smy move arm
spa move mar
swe support nwy
tri support bud move ser
tys move tun
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move tyr
bud support gal move rum
bur support par move pic
con move bul
eng hold
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre support con move bul
hol move nth
kie move den
mar move pie
nth move den
nrg hold
nwy support swe
par move pic
rom move apu
ruh support bur move bel
rum move ukr
sev support gal move rum
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
tun move ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
apu move gre via convoy
bla move rum
bud move ser
bul support bla move rum
bur support bel
eng support bur move bel
gre hold
hol move nth
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
lon hold
mar move pie
mun hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic support bur move bel
pie move ven
ruh support bur move bel
rum support bud move ser
ser hold
sev support bla move rum
swe support nwy
tri support bud move ser
tyr move vie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
apu move ven
ber move sil
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
eng move iri
gal move rum
gre support bul move ser
hol support bur move bel
ion support alb move gre
lon hold
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth support bel
nrg support nth
pic support bur move bel
pie move tus
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser support gal move rum
smy move eas
swe support nwy
tri support apu move ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven support mun move tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm support rum move sev
bel hold
boh support mun move tyr
bud move rum
bul support gre move ser
den support hol move nth
eas move ion
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
gre move ser
hol move nth
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
lon move yor
mun move tyr
nth move edi
nrg move cly
nwy move nrg
pic move wal via convoy
rom support tus move ven
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support bud move rum
sil move mun
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tus move ven
ukr support sev
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bla
ser move bud
ven move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove cly
remove eas
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move smy
bel hold
bla move con
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den support nth
edi move cly
eng move iri
ion move eas
lvp hold
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth hold
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom move nap
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support rum
swe move bal
tri support pie move tyr
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support ser move tri
wal move lon
war move pru
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel move hol
bla move con
bud support vie
bul move gre
bur move ruh
cly move edi
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
eng support lon
gre move ion
iri support lvp
lon hold
lvp hold
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nap hold
nth move edi
nwy hold
pie support tri move ven
pru move ber
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support rum
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven support tyr
vie support ser move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove eas
build Army mar
build Army par
remove tyr
remove wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support pru move ber
boh move sil
bud support rum
bul move ser
cly move edi
con move bul
den move kie
eng move bel
gal move boh
gre move ion
hol support bal move kie
iri move nat
lon move yor
lvp move cly
gol support mar move pie
mun move ber
nap move apu
nth move ska
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move ven
pru move ber
ruh support bal move kie
rum hold
sev move arm
tri move tyr
tus move rom
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
apu support tus move ven
arm move sev
bal support ber
bel move nth
ber hold
bla move con
boh move sil
bul move ser
bur move mun
cly move edi
con move bul
edi hold
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move bal
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun hold
nat move mid
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil move ber
ska move swe
smy move ank
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ven move tri
vie move boh
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
edi move nrg
pie disband
ven disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove nrg
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu move nap
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla move con
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
hol move kie
kie move bal
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun support hol move kie
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bud move ser
ser move tri
sev move arm
ska move swe
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
tun move wes
tyr support ser move tri
ukr move sev
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tri
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
ser move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
arm move ank
bal move swe
ber move sil
bla support bul
boh move gal
bre move mid
bul support alb move ser
bur move bel
con move ank
den support ruh move kie
kie move ber
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mun support kie move ber
nap move rom
nth move hol
nrg move nth
ruh move kie
rum support ser
sev support rum
ska support nth move nwy
stp move mos
tun support aeg move ion
tyr move vie
tys support mid move wes
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
