PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie hold
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move sev
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
fin move swe
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh support yor move bel
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sil move ber
tys move gol
vie move bud
war move sil
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber support sil
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support rum
den move swe
fin move bot
gre move ion
lon support nth move eng
lvp move iri
gol move tys
nth move eng
nwy support den move swe
pie move tus
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum support bul
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil hold
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mar
tri move adr
vie support bud move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move eas
ank move sev
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla convoy ank move sev
bot move stp/sc
bud hold
bul support rum
eng move mid
gal move ukr
hol hold
ion move nap
iri support eng move mid
lon move eng
mid move bre
mar hold
nwy move stp/nc
rum support ank move sev
sev move arm
sil move boh
spa/sc move por
swe hold
tus hold
tys move tun
ukr support sev
vie move tri
war support ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support bud move tri
arm support ukr move sev
bel move bur
ber move pru
bla move arm
boh support mun move sil
bre support por move mid
bud move tri
bul hold
con move ank
eas move smy
eng support iri move mid
gal support vie move boh
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie move mun
mid move wes
mar move spa
mun move sil
nap move rom
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pic support bre
por move mid
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus support ven
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ukr move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move arm
arm move smy
bel move pic
bla support ank move arm
boh support mun move tyr
bot move lvn
bre support por move mid
bud move tri
bul move rum
eng move mid
gal support war
hol move ruh
ion move gre
iri support eng move mid
mos support war move ukr
mun move tyr
par move bur
pic move bel
por move mid
pru move war
rom move tus
sev support ukr move mos
sil support pru move war
smy hold
tri move ven
tus support ven move rom
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
rom move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
remove syr
remove tus
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
arm move sev
bel support ruh move bur
bla support rum move bul
boh support sil move gal
bre move eng
bur support pic move bel
con support smy move aeg
eng support bel move pic
gal move sil
gre move bul/sc
iri move nat
lon support eng
lvp move iri
mos support sev move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
pic move bel
por move mid
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum move bul
sev move ukr
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mar
gal move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
bel move pic
bla move rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre support mid
bud move gal
bul support aeg move gre
bur move par
con move aeg
eng support bel move pic
gal support war
gas move spa
gre move bul/sc
iri support nat move mid
lon support eng
mos move war
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move rom
pic move bur
pie support mun move tyr
rom hold
sev move mos
tyr move boh
ukr support mos move war
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
wes support nat move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move sil
gre move ion
mid move gas
tyr move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove gas
remove nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu move nap
boh support sil
bul move rum
bur move ruh
eng move bre
gal move boh
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tun
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvn support pru
mid move spa/sc
mos move lvn
pic support eng move bre
pie hold
pru support lvn
rom move tus
rum move bla
sil support boh
smy move eas
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie support tri move tyr
war support mos move lvn
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
boh support mun
con move smy
eas move ion
eng support bre
gal move sil
gas move spa/nc
gre support eas move ion
ion move tys
lvn move pru
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
mos move lvn
mun support boh
nap support ion move tys
par move gas
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum support ukr move gal
sil support boh
spa/sc support pie move mar
tun hold
tus support ven move pie
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support kie move hol
ber support boh move sil
boh move sil
bre move mid
con move aeg
edi move nth
eng support bel
gal support vie move boh
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mar move spa
mun support boh move sil
nap support ion move tys
par move bur
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
sil move ber
smy move arm
spa/sc move gol
tun hold
tus support tys move gol
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie move boh
war move mos
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
sil move war
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh support ruh move mun
bur support spa/sc move mar
eng move mid
gal support war move sil
ion move tun
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move stp
mid move naf
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support sil
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
spa/sc move mar
tri move vie
tun hold
tus move gol
tyr support ruh move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr move war
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar disband
mun move ber
sil move pru
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar support nth move nwy
ber move sil
boh move sil
bur move mun
gal support boh move sil
gre move ion
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
lvn support bar move stp
mid move wes
mar support wes move gol
mos move lvn
naf support mid move wes
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
pie move mar
pru support ber move sil
rom support tys
ruh support bur move mun
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp move fin
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys support tun move wes
vie move boh
war support sil move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar support nth move nwy
ber support lvn move pru
boh support tyr move mun
con move bul
gal move war
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move mun
lvn move pru
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar support gol
mos move stp
mun move sil
naf support mid move wes
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move fin
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nwy
ber hold
boh hold
bul move gre
bur move mun
gre move ion
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol move pie
mar support gol move pie
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
pie move gol
ruh move bel
sev move mos
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc support wes
stp move fin
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus support pie move gol
tys support tun move wes
ukr hold
ven move pie
vie hold
war move pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support bel move nwy
bel move nwy via convoy
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bul hold
gre support ion
hol move bel
ion support tys
kie support pru move ber
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move sil
nth convoy bel move nwy
nwy move swe
pie hold
pru move ber
sev move ukr
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes
stp move fin
tun support gol move tys
tus support tys
tyr support ber move mun
tys support ion
ukr move war
ven support pie
vie hold
war move sil
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
bel move ruh
ber support kie
boh move mun
bul move rum
bur support bel move ruh
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support stp
gre support ion
ion support tys
kie support ber
gol support wes
mar support gol
mun move ber
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pie hold
pru support mun move ber
sev move ukr
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc support gol
stp support fin
swe move fin
tus support tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion
ukr move mos
ven support pie
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
bar support stp
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bur support ruh
fin move stp
gre support ion
ion support tys
kie hold
lvn support fin move stp
gol support wes
mar support gol
mos support fin move stp
mun move kie
nth hold
nwy support stp
pie hold
pru support ber
ruh support kie
rum move ukr
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support gol
stp hold
swe support nwy
tun move tys
tus support tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion
ukr move war
ven support pie
wes support tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur support ruh
fin move stp
gre support ion
ion support tys
kie support ruh
lon move nth
lvn support fin move stp
gol support wes
mar support gol
mos support fin move stp
mun support ber
nth move den
nwy support stp
pie support tus
pru support lvn
ruh support kie
sil support ber
spa/sc support gol
stp support swe move fin
swe move fin
tri support tyr
tun move tys
tus support tys
tyr support mun
tys support ion
ukr hold
ven support pie
war support lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support ruh
den move bal
fin support nwy move stp
gre move alb
ion support tys
kie hold
lvn support mos
gol support wes
mar support gol
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nth move hel
nwy move stp
pie support tus
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support ber
spa/sc support gol
stp move lvn
tri support ven
tun move tys
tus support tys
tyr support mun
tys support ion
ukr support mos
ven support pie
war support lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal move bot
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot move swe
bur support ruh
fin support stp
hel move den
ion support tys
kie hold
gol support wes
mar support gol
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nwy support stp
pie support tus
pru support lvn
ruh support kie
sil support ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc support gol
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tun move tys
tus support tys
tyr support mun
tys hold
ukr support mos
ven support pie
war support lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bar support nwy move stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support ruh
den move bal
fin support nwy move stp
ion move tun
kie hold
gol support wes
mar support gol
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nwy move stp
pie support tus move gol
pru support lvn
ruh support kie
ser move bul
sil support ber
spa/sc support gol
stp move lvn
swe move den
tun move tys
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move rom
ukr support mos
ven support pie
war support lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nwy
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot support stp move lvn
bul hold
bur support ruh
den support kie
fin move stp
ion support tun
kie hold
gol support tys move tus
mar support gol
mos support lvn
mun support ber
pie hold
pru support lvn
rom move tys
ruh support kie
sil support ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp move lvn
tun hold
tus support rom move tys
tyr support mun
tys move tus
ukr support mos
ven support pie
war support lvn
wes move naf
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: fleet/dislodged tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tus move rom
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bul move rum
bur support ruh
den support kie
fin support stp
ion support tun
kie hold
gol support tus move pie
mar support tus move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf move tun
nap move tys
pie hold
pru support lvn
rom move tus
ruh support kie
sil support ber
stp support bot move lvn
tus move pie
tyr support pie
tys move wes
ukr support mos
ven support rom move tus
war support lvn
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support stp move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support ruh
den support kie
fin move stp
gre move alb
ion support tun
kie hold
gol support pie move tus
mar support gol
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf move tun
nap move rom
pie move tus
pru support lvn
ruh support kie
rum hold
sil support ber
stp move lvn
tri move vie
tun support tys
tus hold
tyr move pie
tys support tun
ukr support mos
ven support tyr move pie
war support lvn
wes support gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
