PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move rum
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move eng
mun move kie
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa move mar
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move mos
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move bal
bla support sev move rum
bre move mid
bud support sev move rum
bul support sev move rum
con support bul
gal support sev move rum
gre hold
hol support nth move bel
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mar support pic move bur
mos support ukr move sev
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move bel
nwy move stp
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum support ukr move sev
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
swe hold
tun move wes
ukr move sev
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move mar
con support bul
den support bal move swe
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
iri move eng
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun hold
nth move nwy
pie move mar
rum support arm move sev
ser move bul
sev hold
stp hold
swe hold
tri move ser
tyr move ven
tys move gol
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move bre
gal support bud move rum
gre support rum move bul
hol hold
kie move ruh
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun support ber move sil
nwy support edi move nth
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move war
spa move mar
stp hold
swe move ska
tri move bud
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bud move tri
bul hold
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move ukr
gas support spa
gre move aeg
hol support nth move bel
iri move mid
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mos support sev
mun support ruh move bur
nth move den
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support bul
sev hold
sil move pru
ska move den
spa support bur move mar
stp support nwy
swe hold
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm move smy
bel support nth move hol
bla support con
bre support mid move gas
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mun
con support arm move smy
gas support par move bre
hol move nth
lon move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid move gas
mos support sev
mun move boh
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move sil
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
ska move den
spa move mar
stp support nwy
swe hold
tri move vie
ukr support rum move sev
ven move pie
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move kie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel move nth
bla support sev move rum
boh move mun
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move con
con move bul
den move ska
eng support bre
gal support ukr
gas support par move bur
hol hold
kie move hol
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mar support gol move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pie move tyr
por support spa
rum move sev
sev move rum
sil hold
smy hold
spa support gas
stp move nwy
swe hold
ukr support rum move sev
vie support pie move tyr
war move gal
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
rum move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move bel
gal support ukr move war
hol hold
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move por
mos support sev move ukr
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy hold
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev move ukr
ska move nwy
smy support ank move con
spa/sc support mid move por
stp support nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tyr move boh
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel support hol
boh move mun
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move mar
con support smy
gal support war
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun hold
nth support nwy
nwy support stp
pic move bre
por hold
ruh support mun
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
ska hold
smy support con
stp hold
swe move den
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move rum
vie support gal
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Army tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank hold
bel move eng
ber hold
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mar
con hold
den move kie
eas move smy
eng move mid
gal move ukr
hol hold
mar move gas
mos support sev
mun hold
nth move edi
nwy support stp
por hold
ruh support mun
rum support gal move ukr
sev support mos
ska move nth
smy hold
spa/sc move mar
stp hold
tri move ser
tys move ion
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bur move ruh
con move smy
eas support con move smy
edi move cly
eng move mid
gal move war
hol hold
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn support ukr move mos
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun hold
nth move eng
nwy support stp
por hold
ruh support mun
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
smy hold
stp hold
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
ber hold
boh support mun
bud move ser
bur move bel
cly move nat
con support smy move ank
eas move ion
eng hold
gas support mid move spa
hol move bel
kie support ber
lon move bre
lvn move stp
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support sil move ber
nap move tys
nwy support stp
por support mid move spa
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move ber
smy move ank
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
tri move adr
tys move tun
vie move gal
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
ber hold
boh support mun
bur move bel
con move aeg
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move sil
gas move spa/nc
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon move bre
lvn move stp
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
nat move mid
nwy support stp
por support gas move spa
ruh support kie move mun
rum support ukr move sev
ser move gre
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr move sev
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
ank move con
ber hold
boh support mun
bre move par
bud move gal
bur support mun move ruh
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move spa/nc
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move pic
lvn support mos move stp
mid move naf
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
nwy support stp
por support gas move spa
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move ser
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
tri move alb
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
vie move tyr
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
ber hold
boh move tyr
bur move ruh
eng hold
gal move boh
hol support kie
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf support mid move wes
nwy support stp
par hold
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support kie
ser move bud
sil support mun
spa/nc move gas
stp hold
tun move naf
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr move war
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support adr move ion
bel move bur
ber hold
boh support mun
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move mid
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move pic
lvn move stp
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf support mid move wes
nwy support stp
par move gas
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support kie
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
tun move naf
tyr support pie
tys move gol
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb move gre
bal move ber
ber support mun move kie
boh support mun
bud move vie
bur move mar
eng hold
gas move bre
gre move bul
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie support bal move ber
lvn move stp
gol support bur move mar
mid move wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
naf support mid move wes
nwy support stp
par move gas
pic move bur
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
sil support ber
stp hold
tun support wes move naf
tyr support mun
tys move wes
war move pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet edi
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move iri
gas support bur move mar
hol support kie
kie hold
gol move pie
mid move wes
mun move kie
naf support tun move wes
nwy support stp
pic move bel
pie support mar
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh support kie
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp hold
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur move mar
gas move par
hol hold
iri hold
kie hold
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
naf support tun move wes
nth move den
nwy support stp
pie support bur move mar
pru support ber
ruh support kie
rum move gal
sil support mun
spa/sc support gol
stp hold
tun move wes
tus support tys move gol
tyr support mun
tys move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
England: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove ruh
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
boh support sil move mun
den support hol move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move bur
hol move kie
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon move pic
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nwy support stp
par support gas move bur
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tus support tys move gol
tys move gol
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move bre
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bre support eng move mid
bur move mun
den support kie
eng move mid
kie hold
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa
mun move ruh
nwy support stp
par move gas
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
spa/sc hold
stp hold
tus move tys
tyr support boh move mun
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bur move mar
den move swe
gal move ukr
gas move spa
gre hold
ion move tun
iri hold
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nwy support stp
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support gas move spa
pru move war
rom move tys
ser move rum
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move gol
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
boh support mun
bur support bel move ruh
eng support mid
hol support bel move ruh
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa
mar support gol move spa
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp
pie support mar
por support spa
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sil support mun
spa hold
stp hold
swe support nwy
tun move naf
tyr support mun
tys move tun
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove iri
build Fleet lon
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun
bur move mun
den move kie
edi hold
eng support mid
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon move nth
lvn support stp
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa
mar support gol move spa
mun support kie move ruh
naf support wes move mid
nwy hold
pie support mar
por support spa
ruh support den move kie
sil support mun
spa hold
stp hold
swe move fin
tun move wes
tyr support mun
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
edi hold
eng support mid
fin hold
gre move ion
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn support stp
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa
mar move bur
mun hold
nth support nwy move nrg
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
pie support mar
por support spa
ruh move mun
sil support mun move boh
spa hold
stp hold
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
vie support boh
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mar
edi move cly
eng move iri
fin hold
gal move ukr
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn move stp
lvp support nrg move nat
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa
mar support gol move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nat support wes move mid
nth move nwy
nrg move nat
por support spa
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support mun
spa hold
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support mun
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mid move bre
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support mun
bre support nat move mid
bur move mar
cly move lvp
fin hold
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri move eng
kie hold
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa
mar support gol move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf support mid
nat move mid
nth move nwy
pie support mar
por support spa
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support mun
spa hold
stp move nwy
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre support nat move mid
bur move mar
eng convoy lvp move pic
fin move stp/sc
hol support kie
iri convoy lvp move pic
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move pic
gol support tun move wes
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun hold
naf support mid
nat move mid
nth move nwy
por support nat move mid
ruh support kie
sil support mun
spa support bur move mar
stp move nwy
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys move wes
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support sil move mun
bre support mid move gas
eng support iri move mid
fin hold
gal move rum
gas move spa
hol support kie
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie hold
gol support gas move spa
mid move gas
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move tun
nth move nwy
pic move par
pie move tus
por support spa
ruh move bur
sil move mun
spa support mar
stp move nwy
tyr move ven
tys move rom
vie move tri
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
