PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move gas
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move wal via convoy
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy support ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mun
eng move bre
gal support ukr move rum
gas hold
mun move kie
nrg move bar
pic hold
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
smy move syr
tri move vie
tus move tun via convoy
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Army lvp
remove pic
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bar move nrg
bre move pic
con move bul
edi move nth
gal move sil
gre support ser move bul
lon move yor via convoy
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sev move bla
stp/sc hold
swe move den
syr move arm
tri move vie
tus move ven
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
nth move hol
nrg support nth
pru support sil move ber
rum move ser
sev move bla
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
stp/sc move bot
tyr move pie
ven hold
vie move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber support pru move sil
bud support rum move ser
bul move rum
con support bul
den move nth
edi move nth
gal move vie
hol move hel
lon move bel via convoy
mos move ukr
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move sil
rom move tys
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move bla
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bud support rum
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gre support con move bul
hel hold
lon move yor
mar hold
nwy move ska
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
spa/sc hold
tys move tun
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bud move gal
con move bul
hel move kie
mar move bur
nap move ion
nth support hel move nrg
nrg move nwy
rom move tys
rum move gal
sev move mos
ska move swe
spa/sc move mid
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
bur move par
hel hold
mid move bre
mos support rum move ukr
nth move hol
nwy hold
rum move ukr
ser move bud
swe hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ukr move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion hold
lvp move iri
mid move nat
mos move war
mun support tyr move boh
nap move tys
nwy move nrg
par move pic
pie support ven
rom move tus
swe move ska
tri move vie
tyr move boh
ukr support mos move war
vie move gal
wes move mid
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
boh support mun move sil
bud support gal move rum
eng support pic move bel
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
iri move nat
mid move iri
mun move sil
nat support mid move iri
nth support bel move eng
nrg support iri move nat
pic move bel
pie move mar
sev move ukr
ska move nwy
tus move pie
tys move wes
ukr move gal
vie move tri
wal move lon
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move bre
nat move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support ukr move rum
boh move gal
bot move swe
bre support mid move eng
bud support boh move gal
bul/sc move con
den move nth
eng move wal
gal support ser move bud
iri move lvp
lon support eng move wal
mid move eng
mar move bur
nat move lvp
nth move yor
nrg move cly
nwy move nth
rom move tys
rum support tri move ser
ser move bud
tri move ser
ukr move rum
vie support boh move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
gal move ukr
rum move bul
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla move bul/ec
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
cly move lvp
con support bul
den move ska
eas move smy
eng move nth
gal move war
iri move nat
lon move yor
mid support iri move nat
mun hold
nat move iri
pie move tyr
rum support bla move bul
ser move gre
sev support rum
sil support gal move war
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tys move ion
ukr support war move gal
ven support pie move tyr
vie move boh
wal support nat move iri
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army nap
remove nwy
build Army rom
remove sil
build Army stp
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bla support rum move bul
boh support tyr move mun
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move ank
edi move yor
eng move lon
gal support bul move rum
gre hold
ion support ser move gre
iri support mid move nat
lvp support wal move iri
mid move nat
nat support wal move iri
nap hold
nth hold
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
ska move den
swe move ska
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
wal move iri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: fleet/dislodged iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
gal move vie
gre move alb
iri move eng
mun move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
bur support tyr move mun
den move hel
eng move bel
gal support rum move war
hol support mun move kie
ion hold
iri support nat move mid
lvp move wal
mid move nat
mun move kie
nat move mid
nap move apu
nth move edi
ruh move mun
rum support alb move ser
ska move nwy
stp move lvn
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
war move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Austria: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mid move bre
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove mid
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army ven
remove wal
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bel move nth
bla move con
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bur move ruh
gal move bud
gre support bul
hel support ruh move hol
hol support bur move ruh
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie support nth move den
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth move den
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
stp/sc move bot
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie support boh move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Italy: army/dislodged hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
hol move bel
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
ank move smy
apu move ven
bel move hol
ber support mun move sil
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con support ank move smy
eng move iri
gal support bud move rum
gre support tri move ser
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie support bel move hol
mun move sil
nth support bel move hol
ruh support bel move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy hold
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
ser move alb
smy move eas
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet nap
remove pru
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb move tri
ank support smy
ber move pru
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul move con
con support rum move bul
den move ska
eas move smy
eng move nth
gal hold
gre move alb
hel support nwy move nth
kie move den
nth move nrg
nwy move nth
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support gre move alb
smy hold
swe move den
vie move tri
war support gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support eas move smy
alb move ser
ank support smy
bud support ser move rum
bul support gal move rum
con support bul
eas move smy
eng support mid move iri
gal move rum
gre move bul
hel move den
hol move bel
kie move den
mid move iri
mun support tyr
nth move lon
pru move war
ruh move kie
ser move rum
sil support pru move war
ska support kie move den
smy hold
swe support hel move den
tri support alb move ser
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy
bel move lon
bud move gal
bul hold
con support bul
eas move smy
edi move cly
eng support bel move lon
gal move war
gre move bul
hel move nth
kie move den
lon support hel move nth
lvn support gal move war
lvp move wal
nap move ion
nrg move nth
ruh move hol
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sil support war
ska move nwy
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy
bel move wal via convoy
bud move vie
bul move con
cly move lvp
con hold
den move nwy via convoy
eas move smy
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move war
ion move eas
iri move lvp
lon move eng
lvn support gal move war
mun move kie
nth support swe move den
nrg support den move nwy
nwy move ska
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil move pru
ska convoy den move nwy
smy hold
swe move den
tri move vie
wal move eng
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Italy: army/dislodged war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
remove ion
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: army nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank move con
bud move rum
bul move con
cly move nat
con move bla
eas move smy
eng move lon
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie move den
lvn move stp
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pru move war
rum move sev
sev move arm
ska support kie move den
smy hold
ukr support pru move war
ven support tyr
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank move smy
arm support smy
bel move hol
bla move sev
bul move con
edi support ska move nth
eng move iri
iri move mid
mos support bla move sev
rum support sev
ska move nth
syr support ank move smy
ukr move mos
wal move iri
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
