PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move rum
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bud move rum
bur support yor move bel
gal support sev move rum
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
sev move rum
sil move war
spa move por
tri move ser
ukr move war
ven move tyr
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
apu move ven
bel move hol
bre move mid
bud move rum
edi move nrg
gal support tyr move vie
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
kie support hol
lon hold
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth support bel
nwy move stp/nc
por move spa
rum move bul/ec
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
swe hold
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bel support bur move ruh
bud move vie
bul/ec move bla
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move den via convoy
gol move tys
mun move sil
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser move alb
sev support gal move rum
spa move tun via convoy
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move lvn
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
bel support hol
ber move bal
bla move con
bud move vie
bul support bla move con
bur support pic move bel
gre support ion move alb
hol support bel
ion move alb
kie move den
lvn move war
mid move iri
nth support pic move bel
nwy move ska
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum support vie move bud
sev hold
sil hold
spa move tun via convoy
swe hold
tys move nap
ven move tyr
vie support rum move bud
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support ven move tri
apu move rom
bal support den
bel hold
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move mun
con move bla
den hold
gre move ion
hol support ruh move bel
iri move lvp
lon move wal
nap support apu move rom
nth support ska move den
ruh move bel
rum move ser
sev move rum
sil move mun
ska move den
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move bud
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
remove bud
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
remove pic
build Army sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bel hold
bla convoy sev move ank
bre move eng
bur support par move pic
con support sev move ank
den move kie
gre move ion
hol move nth
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support tri move tyr
nap move rom
nth move eng
par move pic
rum move bul
ser hold
sev move ank via convoy
sil move boh
ska move nwy
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move tus via convoy
tys convoy tun move tus
vie move bud
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank support con move smy
bel hold
bla move con
boh move vie
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur support pic
con move smy
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon move yor
lvp move wal
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ruh
nap support tys move rom
nth move eng
pic support bur
pie move ven
rom move tri
ser support bul move gre
ska move swe
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tus support pie move ven
tyr move ven
tys move rom
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support ruh
bre move eng
bur move mar
con move aeg
den support hol move nth
gre move alb
hol move nth
kie move hel
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move lon
par support pic
pic support bur
rom move tys
ruh support bel
ser move bud
sev move rum
ska move nwy
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tun move wes
tus move ven
tyr move pie
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wal move lon
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move yor
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb move ser
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
bud move vie
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
eng convoy pic move lon
gal support bud move vie
hel move nth
ion move adr
lvn move pru
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mun move boh
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic move lon via convoy
pie move tus
ruh move kie
rum move bud
smy move gre via convoy
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tys move tun
ven support tri
vie support tri
wal support pic move lon
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
remove tus
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
bar move nwy
bel hold
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud move vie
den move bal
eng convoy pic move wal
fin move nwy
gal support bud move vie
gre move alb
hel move den
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move pie
mos move stp
nth move nwy
par move bur
pic move wal via convoy
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil move boh
stp/nc hold
swe support fin move nwy
tri support vie
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie support tri
wal move iri
yor support lon move nth
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg hold
alb move tri
bal support den move swe
bar support stp/nc move nwy
bel hold
boh move sil
bud support alb move tri
bul move gre
bur move ruh
den move swe
edi hold
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move boh
ion move aeg
iri support pic move wal
kie move ber
lvp support yor move edi
mid move nat
mos move stp
nth move eng
nwy support mos move stp
pic move wal via convoy
pie move ven
pru move ber
ser support alb move tri
sil support pru move ber
stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support alb move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move nrg
nwy move fin
swe move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army ber
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
bal move bot
bel move pic
ber support ruh move mun
boh support tyr
bot support fin move swe
bud support tri
eng move lon
fin move swe
gal move boh
ion move eas
iri move lvp
kie support ber
lvp hold
nat support iri move lvp
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pru support sil move ber
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sev move bla
sil move ber
stp hold
swe support bal move bot
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
vie support gal move boh
wal support eng move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
