PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi via convoy
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot support lvn move swe
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move wes
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
tri move vie
ven hold
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber support mun move sil
bot convoy lvn move swe
bre move mid
con move ank
hol move kie
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvn move swe via convoy
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move tys
nwy support bar move stp
por move spa
pru move ber
rom move tus
ser support gre
spa move mar
swe support kie move bal
tri move alb
tun hold
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move sil
bot support lvn move stp
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bla
edi move den via convoy
gal move war
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol support wes move tys
mid convoy spa move naf
mar move pie
nap move tys
nwy move bar
pru move war
ruh move mun
ser support bud move rum
sil move boh
spa move naf via convoy
stp/nc hold
tun support nap move tys
tus move pie
ven move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp/nc move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ank move sev via convoy
bal support swe
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
edi move den via convoy
gal move vie
gre move ion
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move bar
pru move war
rom support nap move tys
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil support ber move pru
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move stp/nc
bla support bul move rum
bot move bal
bud move rum
bul move rum
gal move vie
ion support wes move tys
gol support pie
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
naf support tun
nwy support bar move stp
pie support mun move tyr
pru support sil move war
rom move nap
sev move mos
sil move war
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tus move pie
vie move tri
war support mos move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove bot
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bal convoy den move lvn
bla convoy ank move sev
bud move ser
con move bul
den move lvn via convoy
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support vie move bud
ion support tys move nap
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move bar
pie move ven
pru support war
rom move nap
rum support ukr move gal
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven support tus move pie
vie move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
aeg move eas
bal convoy den move lvn
bar move nrg
bla move con
boh support gal
bud move vie
bul move ser
den move lvn via convoy
gal support war
gre move aeg
ion move nap
lon move den via convoy
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos support ukr move war
nap hold
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move fin
pru support den move lvn
rom support nap
rum support bul move ser
ser support tri
sev support ukr
stp/nc hold
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
tus support ven
tyr support ven
tys support ion move nap
ukr move war
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army mar
remove rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
boh move vie
bud move ser
con move bul/sc
den move nwy via convoy
eas move ion
fin move stp
gal support war move ukr
ion convoy tun move apu
lvn support fin move stp
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support ukr
nap support tus move rom
nth convoy den move nwy
pru move war
rum move gal
sev support ukr
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
tri support bud move ser
tun move apu via convoy
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support ion
ukr support rum move gal
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move nap
boh move vie
bud support ukr move gal
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
eas move ion
gal move ukr
ion move gre
lvn support stp move mos
mos support ukr
nap support rom
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru support war
rom support nap
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support mos
stp move mos
tri support boh move vie
tun move ion
tus support ven move rom
tys support apu move nap
ukr move gal
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
rom disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg move eas
ber move mun
bud support ser
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
gal move bud
ion move gre
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move nwy
par move gas
pru move war
rom move apu
ser support bud
sev support ukr
smy move arm
stp support lvn move mos
swe support bal
tri move ser
tun support tys move ion
tus move tys
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven move alb via convoy
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
aeg support gre
alb support tri move ser
apu move tri via convoy
arm support sev
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
eas move ion
gas move spa
gre move alb
ion support alb
lvn support stp move mos
gol move wes
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap move apu
nwy move stp
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support ukr
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun support ion
tys support ion
ukr move gal
vie move gal
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb
aeg support gre
alb support tri move ser
apu move ven
arm support sev
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul support ser
eas support aeg
gre move alb
ion support alb
mos move sev
nap move apu
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support rum
stp move mos
tri move bud
tun support ion
tyr move boh
tys support ion
ukr support mos move sev
vie support tri move bud
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb
aeg support gre
alb move ser
arm support sev
boh move gal
bud support alb move ser
bul support ser
eas support aeg
gal move rum
gre support aeg
ion support alb
mos move sev
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support rum
stp move mos
tri support alb move ser
tun support ion
tys support ion
ukr support mos move sev
vie support boh move gal
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg support gre
apu move alb via convoy
arm support sev
boh move gal
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum
eas support aeg
gal move rum
gre support bul
ion support apu move alb
mar move pie
mos move sev
rum support bul
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
spa hold
stp move mos
tri support ser
tun support ion
tys support ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move apu
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
arm support sev
bud support rum
bul move rum
gal support rum
gre support bul
ion move gre
mos move sev
pie move ven
rum support mos move sev
ser support ion move gre
sev support bul move rum
spa move tun via convoy
stp move mos
tri support ser
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr support mos move sev
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg support bul
alb move ser
apu move alb via convoy
arm support sev
bud support rum
eas support aeg
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
ion support gre
mar move pie
mos move sev
rum support mos move sev
ser move bul
sev move rum
stp move mos
tun move nap via convoy
tys convoy tun move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg support bul
alb support ser
arm move ank
eas support aeg
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
mos support ukr move sev
pie move tus
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg move smy
alb move ser
ank support con
apu move alb via convoy
arm move smy
bul/sc move aeg
con support ank
gre support bul/sc move aeg
ion move eas
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos move sev
nap move apu
ser move bul
sev move arm
tus move rom
tys move ion
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
