PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move tys
par move pic
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre hold
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
gal support ukr move war
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom move ven
ser support tyr move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr move war
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move hol
ber move mun
bre move mid
bul move gre
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move rum
kie move hel
lon move bel via convoy
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth support lon move bel
nwy hold
par move bre
rom move nap
rum move bla
ser support tri move bud
sev support rum move bla
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move bud
tun move wes
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move ank
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move tri
ank move con
bel hold
bla support rum move bul
boh support mun move tyr
bre move par
bud move vie
bul support ank move con
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal support bud move vie
gre support bul
hel support kie move den
kie move den
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/nc
mun move tyr
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
por support mid move spa
rum move bul
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
swe move nwy
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm support bla
bel move pic
bla support rum move bul
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul support gre move ser
den move nth
fin move nwy
gal support vie
gre move ser
hel support den move nth
hol move bel
ion move adr
gol move tys
mid support nth move eng
nth move eng
par move pic
por move spa
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
spa/nc move mid
stp support swe move fin
swe move fin
tri hold
tyr support boh move vie
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move ank
bel move ruh
bla support arm move ank
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul support ser move gre
con support aeg move bul
edi move yor
fin move bot
gal support vie
gre support aeg move bul
hel move kie
hol move bel
mid move nat
nth move lon
par move bur
por support spa/nc
ser move gre
spa/nc hold
stp move lvn
tri hold
tyr move pie
tys move rom
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bul move rum
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove ruh
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bla move con
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul/sc support gre
bur move mar
con support smy move ank
eng move iri
gal move boh
gre support bul/sc
kie move hel
lvn move pru
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nat move cly
nap move rom
nwy move ska
pie support tyr move ven
por move spa
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy move ank
spa/nc move mid
tri move adr
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bal move kie
bla support ank move con
boh support sil move mun
cly move lvp
con support smy move ank
eng move nth
gre support bul/sc
hel move nth
iri move lvp
lon support hel move nth
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
nap hold
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil move mun
ska move den
smy move ank
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
ven move apu
vie move tyr
yor move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
con move smy
tyr move pie
wes disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army mos
remove pie
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove ven
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support con
bul/sc support smy move con
cly move lvp
con support ser move bul
den move ska
eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move hel
lon hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap move rom
nth move hol
rom move nap
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move con
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move ven
war move gal
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
ank support smy move con
arm move ank
bel move bur
bla support arm move ank
boh move vie
bul support alb move gre
con support arm move ank
edi move yor
eng move wal
gal move bud
gre support aeg move bul
hel support ska move nth
ion support alb move gre
lon support nth move eng
lvp move wal
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth move eng
nwy support ska move nth
pie move tus
rom move nap
rum move ser
sev move rum
ska move nth
smy move con
tys support rom move nap
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army/dislodged nap
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
eng move bre
nap disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove eng
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
bla move bul/ec
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move mun
con support ank move smy
gre support bul move ser
hel support nth
ion move aeg
iri support bre move eng
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mos move war
nap move apu
nwy move nrg
par move pic
pie support tus move ven
rum support bla move bul
ser support bud move tri
sev move ukr
stp/nc move nwy
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bud
smy disband
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
apu move nap
bud move ser
bur move mun
con support bul/ec
edi hold
eng support lon
gre support ser move bul
hel convoy kie move edi
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie move edi via convoy
lon hold
gol move tus
nth convoy kie move edi
nrg support kie move edi
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom move nap
rum support bud move ser
ser move bul
sil move mun
tri support bud move ser
tun move tys
tyr support sil move mun
ukr move gal
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
edi move yor
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
