PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move vie
hol support nth move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
nap move tun
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move wal
ruh support nth move bel
ser support bul move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
tri move bud
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bel move eng
bud move vie
con move bla
den move swe
edi move yor
eng support wal move lon
gre support smy move aeg
hol move nth
ion move eas
kie move bal
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
mun move bur
nap move ion
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
por move spa
ruh support mun move bur
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support war move gal
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move smy
bal support den move swe
bel move eng
bla move rum
boh move mun
bud support vie
bur move mar
den move swe
eas convoy tun move syr
eng move bel
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion convoy tun move syr
lvp move iri
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
ruh move mun
rum move bul
sev support bla move rum
spa hold
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri support bud
tun move syr
ven hold
vie support tri
wal move lon
yor move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove fin
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support smy
bal move lvn
bel support iri move eng
ber move sil
boh support gal
bud support tri move ser
bur move mar
eas support ion move aeg
edi move cly
eng move mid
gal support ser move rum
gre support aeg move ion
ion move aeg
iri move eng
lon hold
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nth move hol
nwy move nth
par move bur
ruh move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy support sev move arm
spa support bur move mar
swe move fin
syr move smy
tri move ser
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move smy
arm support smy move syr
bel support lon move pic
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul/ec support bud move rum
bur support gas move par
cly move nat
eas convoy syr move apu
eng convoy lon move pic
fin move stp
gal move war
gas move par
gre support bul/ec
hol move hel
ion convoy syr move apu
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move bal
mid move bre
mar hold
mun move boh
nth move hol
par hold
rum support sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move syr
spa support mar
syr move apu
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
remove syr
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move rom
arm move sev
bal move bot
bel move eng
bre move eng
bud support ser move tri
bul/ec move bla
bur support par move gas
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal move rum
gre support aeg
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move tys
lvp move iri
mar support spa move gas
mun move tyr
nat move mid
par move gas
pic support eng move bre
rum support arm move sev
ser move tri
sev support ukr
sil move war
smy hold
spa move gas
stp move mos
tri hold
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move eng
bla support arm move sev
bot hold
bre move gas
bud support rum
bur move mun
eng move bre
gal hold
gre support aeg move ion
ion support alb move gre
iri move mid
mid move naf
mar move gas
nth move nwy
par move bur
pic move par
rom support ven
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
smy move con
spa move mar
tri move ven
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr hold
ven hold
vie support tri
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove gal
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move eng
ber move sil
bot move bal
bre move gas
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move mid
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar support spa
mos support sev
mun move tyr
naf support mid move wes
nwy move stp/nc
par support bre move gas
pie support bur move mar
rom support ven
rum move ukr
spa support mar
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bal move den
ber move sil
bla move con
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move mar
eng move bre
gas support mid move spa
gre support ion
ion move nap
iri move mid
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos support war
mun move tyr
naf move tun
par support gas
pie support bur move mar
rom move nap
sev support ukr move mos
sil move gal
spa support mar
stp/nc hold
tri support vie move tyr
tun hold
ukr move mos
ven support mun move tyr
vie move tyr
war support mos
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move bal
gas move mid
gre move alb
ion move apu
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid move por
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
naf move tun
par hold
pie move tyr
por move spa
rom support ven
sev support ukr move mos
sil move gal
spa/sc support mid move por
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
war support mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tri
apu support ven
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
eng move mid
gal move war
ion move tys
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos hold
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth hold
nwy hold
par hold
pie support ven
por hold
pru support war
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil support war move gal
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri support vie move tyr
tun support ion move tys
tyr support mun move boh
ukr move mos
ven support rom move tus
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move bud
mos move stp
tyr move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove nwy
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move ank
bal hold
boh support pie move tyr
bud move rum
gal support pru move war
ion support tun move tys
lon move eng
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mid move naf
mun support pie move tyr
naf move tun
nth hold
par move bur
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
pru move war
sev support mos
sil support boh
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri move bud
tun move tys
tus move pie
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move rum
ven support tus move pie
vie move boh
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move tri
ank move con
bal hold
boh support tyr
bud move gal
bur support spa/sc move mar
eng move mid
gal move ukr
ion support tun
lvn support war move mos
gol move tys
mid move naf
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth move eng
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
sev support mos
sil move war
spa/sc move mar
stp support war move mos
tri move tyr
tun hold
tyr support boh
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ion
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
ank move arm
bal hold
boh move gal
bud move vie
bur support spa/sc move mar
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move rum
lon move eng
lvn move war
gol support mar move pie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support lvn move war
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth move bel
pie move ven
sev support ukr
sil support lvn move war
spa/sc move mar
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tun hold
tyr support mar move pie
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie support tri move tyr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri
arm support sev
bal hold
bel move eng
bud support ukr move rum
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
eng move mid
gal support rum move bud
ion move nap
gol support pie move tus
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
naf support tun
pie move tus
rom support ion move nap
rum move bud
sev support ukr move rum
sil support gal
stp support mos
tri support vie
tun support wes move tys
tyr move vie
tys move tus
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tys move ion
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
arm support sev
bal move bot
ber move sil
bud support tyr move vie
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
eng move mid
gal support bud
lon move eng
gol move wes
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
nap support rom
pie move gol
rom support ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move boh
spa/sc hold
stp move lvn
tri support ser move bud
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys support tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion
arm support sev
bla support bul move rum
boh support bud move vie
bot hold
bud move vie
bul move rum
eng move mid
gal support bud move vie
lon move eng
lvn move war
gol move tus
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap support rom
pie support tyr move ven
rom support nap
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support bul move rum
sil support boh
spa/sc move mar
tri support rum move bud
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support rum move bud
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion
arm support sev
ber move mun
bla support rum
boh support vie
bot hold
bud support tri
con move bul
eng move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move sev
naf support tun
nap support rom
pie move ven
rom support nap
rum support bud
ser support tri
sev support rum
sil support gal
spa/sc move wes
tri support bud
tun move ion
tus support ven move rom
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie support tyr move tri
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion
apu support nap
arm support sev
bla support rum
boh support vie
bot move bal
bud support tri
bul move rum
eng move mid
gal move bud
ion support nap
mid move wes
mos support war move ukr
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap support apu
rom support tys move nap
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev support rum move ukr
sil move gal
tri support bud
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven move apu
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion
arm support sev
bal hold
ber move sil
bla support rum
boh move gal
bud move tri
bul support rum
gal move bud
ion hold
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap support tun move ion
pie move tus
rom move apu
ser support tri
sev support rum
spa/sc move mar
tri support ser
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support bud move tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support bud move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm support sev
bal hold
bla support rum
boh move gal
bud support ukr move rum
bul support ser
eng convoy wal move naf
gal move rum
ion move adr
gol move tus
mid convoy wal move naf
mar move gol
mos move sev
nap move apu
rom move nap
ser support rum
sil hold
tri support bud
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr support gal move rum
ven move pie
vie support bud
wal move naf via convoy
war support ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support gre
apu move adr
arm move smy
bal hold
bla support sev
boh hold
bud support ukr move rum
bul support ser
eng move nth
gal support ukr move rum
gre support aeg
ion move eas
gol hold
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nap support tun move ion
rum support ser
sev support rum
sil move war
tri support adr move alb
tun move ion
tyr hold
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
bal hold
bla support sev
boh hold
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser move rum
eas move aeg
gal support rum
gre support aeg
ion move gre
mos move sev
ruh hold
rum support mos move sev
ser move rum
smy hold
tri move ser
tus move tys
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie support bud
war move mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support gre
bal hold
ber hold
bla convoy sev move ank
boh hold
bud move rum
bul move con
eas move syr
gal support bud move rum
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
mos support rum move sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
ruh hold
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
sev move ank
smy move syr
tri support ser
ukr support rum move sev
ven hold
vie move bud
war support ukr
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank support smy
bal hold
ber move pru
bla support bul/sc
boh hold
bud support rum
con support bul/sc
eas convoy tun move syr
gal hold
gre move aeg
ion convoy tun move syr
lon move eng
mos move sev
pie support adr move ven
rom move nap
ruh hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
tri move ser
tun move syr via convoy
tyr move vie
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bul/sc
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support smy
arm move ank
bal hold
bla move bul/ec
boh move gal
bud support gal move rum
con support smy
eas support syr move smy
eng move bel
gal move rum
gre support rum move bul
ion move aeg
lon move eng
nth move hol
pie support ven
pru hold
ruh hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
syr move smy
tri hold
tyr hold
ukr move sev
vie hold
war move mos
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
arm move ank
bal hold
bla support ank move arm
bud hold
bul support aeg move con
con move ank
eas support smy
gal hold
mos hold
pru hold
ruh move kie
rum support bul
ser support bul
smy support arm move ank
tri hold
tyr hold
ukr support sev
vie hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: fleet con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: fleet con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support gre
arm move ank
bal hold
bla move con
bud hold
bul hold
con support arm move ank
gal hold
gre hold
ion support gre
kie hold
mos hold
mun hold
pie support ven
pru hold
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
smy support arm move ank
tri hold
tyr hold
ukr hold
vie hold
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet alb
Germany: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: fleet con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support gre
ank hold
bal hold
bel support hol
bla move con
bud hold
bul hold
con support smy
eas support smy
gal hold
gre support alb
hol support bel
ion support gre
kie hold
mos hold
mun move bur
pie support ven
pru hold
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
smy support con
tri hold
tyr hold
ukr hold
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
