PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy hold
tri move ven
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh move tyr
bud move ser
bul support sev move rum
con move aeg
den hold
eng move bel
gas move mar
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move ber
mid move por
mos move ukr
nap move tun
nth convoy yor move hol
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh move bel
sev move rum
smy move con
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
ber move bal
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul support con move gre
con move gre via convoy
den move swe
eng convoy lon move bel
kie move hol
lon move bel via convoy
mar hold
nth move hel
par move pic
por move mid
pru support war move sil
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
ser hold
smy move eas
spa move gas
tri move alb
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb hold
bal move swe
bel move hol
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul support gre move ser
den support bal move swe
eas move ion
eng move nth
gal move vie
gas move bre
gre move ser
hel move kie
hol move kie
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun hold
pic support ruh move bel
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
tyr move pie
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move ruh
ber support sil move mun
bot move swe
bre hold
bul move gre
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul
den move ska
eas support gre move ion
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol move kie
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move iri
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
pic move bel
rum hold
ser hold
sil move mun
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr move vie
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
ber support mun
bot move swe
bre move par
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
den support kie
eas move aeg
gal move bud
gre support ser move alb
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie support ruh move mun
mun support ber
nrg move edi
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move alb
ska move nwy
stp move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove eng
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ber move mun
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur move ruh
den support swe
edi move nrg
gre move alb
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mun support kie
nth move lon
par move gas
pic move bur
pie move ven
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
sil support ber move mun
ska move nwy
stp move fin
swe support ska move nwy
tun hold
tys support ion move tun
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bot support fin move swe
bur support mun
den move bal
fin move swe
gas move par
ion support tys move tun
kie support mun
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mun support kie
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
pru support ber
ruh support mun
ser support alb move tri
sil move mun
swe hold
tri move tyr
tys move tun
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army/dislodged tun
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support swe
bar move stp/nc
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bur support mun
con move bul
fin support bot move stp
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie support mun
gol move tys
mun support kie
nwy support bar move stp
par move pic
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
rum hold
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
vie move boh
wal move eng
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bul move ser
bur support mun
eng move lon
fin support bot move stp
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn support bot move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap support ion move tys
nwy support bar move stp
pic move bel
ruh support mun
rum hold
ser move tri
sil support ber
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun support ion move tys
tys support wes move tun
ven support tri move tyr
vie hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
bel move wal
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur support mun
con move bul
eng convoy bel move wal
fin support stp/sc
ion move tys
kie support bal move ber
lon hold
lvn move pru
gol support wes
mar support gol
mun support bal move ber
nap support ion
nwy support bar move stp
rom support wes move tys
ruh support mun
rum hold
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
stp/sc hold
swe support nwy
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
vie move boh
wes support gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bul move ser
bur support mun
eng support wal move lon
fin support stp/sc
kie support ber
gol support wes
mar support gol
mun support ber
nap support tys
nwy support bar move stp
pru move ber
rom support tys
ruh support mun
rum hold
ser move tri
sil move mun
stp/sc hold
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun support tys
tyr move mun
tys hold
ven move tus
vie hold
wal move lon
wes support gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove lvn
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber hold
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur support mun
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bre
fin move stp
ion support tys move tun
kie support ber
lon move bre via convoy
gol support wes
mar support gol
mun support ber
nap move rom
nwy support stp/nc
par move gas
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh support mun
rum move bla
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ven support tyr move pie
vie move gal
wes support gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla hold
boh move mun
bul move ser
fin move stp
gal move ukr
ion support tun
naf move wes
pie hold
pru move ber
rom support tys
sil support boh move mun
tri support tyr
tun support naf move wes
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys support naf move wes
ven support pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla hold
fin support mos move stp
ion move tun
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
pie move mar
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys support wes move gol
ukr move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
