PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul support ser move rum
den move nth
eng support den move nth
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mar move spa
nth support yor move lon
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
rum support sev
ser support rum
sev hold
tri move vie
ven hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth disband
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul hold
con support bul
den move swe
edi support nwy move nth
eng support nth
gre support ser move bul
hol move yor
ion move eas
kie move hel
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy hol move yor
nwy move nth
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
spa move por
stp move fin
swe move den
tri move adr
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
bel move wal via convoy
bul hold
con move bul
den hold
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
fin support swe
gal move rum
gre support bul
hel support nth
hol move yor via convoy
ion convoy tun move alb
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mos support sev
nth convoy hol move yor
nwy support edi move nth
pie support tyr move ven
por hold
rum move bla
tri move apu via convoy
tyr move ven
ven support tyr move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu move rom
bul hold
den move swe
edi move nth
eng support hol move lon
fin move swe
gal move rum
hel support nth
hol move lon via convoy
ion convoy tun move nap
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth convoy hol move lon
nwy support edi move nth
pie support ven
por move spa
rum move bla
smy move con
swe move bal
tri move bud
tun move nap
ven support mun move tyr
vie support adr move tri
wal move lvp
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move ber
bla move ank
bud move ser
bul hold
den move swe
edi support yor
eng support nth
fin move swe
gre hold
hel move kie
ion move tun
lon support wal
gol move wes
nap move rom
nth hold
pie move tus
rom hold
rum hold
sev move arm
smy move con
spa move mar
tri move adr
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war move sil
yor support lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
ank support bul move con
ber move kie
bul move con
den move swe
eng support nth
fin move swe
gre hold
ion support ser move gre
kie move ber
lon move yor
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap hold
nth support lon move yor
nwy support fin move swe
rom hold
rum move ser
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri support ven
tus move rom
tys support wes move tun
ven support tri
vie move tri
wal support lon move yor
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
aeg move smy
ank move bla
arm move smy
ber support bot move bal
bot move bal
con support aeg move smy
den move kie
edi move yor
eng move nth
gal move boh
gre hold
ion support nap
kie move bal
lvp support edi move yor
mun move sil
nap hold
nth move ska
pie move tyr
rom hold
ser support vie move tri
sil move mun
smy hold
swe move den
tri move bud
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tri
wal move lvp
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
rom move apu
smy move eas
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove eas
remove gre
build Army mar
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
apu move ven
arm move ank
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla move rum
boh support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud move gal
con move bul
den move swe
edi hold
ion move apu
kie move bal
lvp support edi
mar move bur
mun move ber
nap support ion move apu
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
rom support ven
ser move bud
sil move mun
ska support nth move nwy
smy move aeg
tri support apu move ven
tun move ion
tyr move boh
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
wal move lvp
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
ven move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move arm
apu support nap
bal move den
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur support mun
den support kie
eng move nth
ion move adr
kie support den
lvp support edi
mun support kie
nap move rom
nrg move nwy
nwy support ska move swe
pie move ven
rom support tys move nap
ser move bud
sil support boh move mun
ska move swe
swe support bal move den
tyr support pie move ven
tys move nap
wal move lvp
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove nrg
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move smy
bal move den
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bud support ven move tri
bul move gre
bur support mun
den support kie
edi support lvp move yor
gal support tri move bud
gre move aeg
ion move eas
kie support den
lvp move yor
mar move gol
mun support kie
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
rom move apu
ser support adr move tri
sil move mun
ska move swe
swe support bal move den
tri move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
wal move lvp
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
Germany: army/dislodged yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move ven
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
boh move tyr
bud support gal move vie
bur move mun
den move swe
eas support ion move aeg
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gal move vie
gre hold
ion move aeg
kie move bal
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
gol move tys
mun move ruh
nwy support den move swe
rum move bla
ser move bul
sil move mun
ska move den
stp/nc support nwy
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move boh
ven move rom
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
England: army/dislodged yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
kie move hol
swe move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ber support kie
bla support con
boh move mun
bud move tri
bur move mun
con support smy
den move bal
eas move smy
fin move stp
gre hold
hol move kie
kie hold
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos support fin move stp
nth support nwy
nrg move nat
nwy support stp/nc
par move pic
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
sil support boh move mun
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tri move adr
tyr support bur move mun
tys move ion
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
war move lvn
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bal move ber
ber move bal
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bul support gre
bur move mun
con move smy
eas move aeg
fin move stp
gre hold
hol move kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie support ber move bal
lvn support fin move stp
lvp move edi
mos support fin move stp
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support stp/nc
pic move bel
pie support ven
rom move nap
ruh support hol move kie
sil move mun
smy support bla move con
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri hold
tyr support bur move mun
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Germany: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
con disband
kie move hel
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove bel
remove lvp
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
bal support kie move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber support hel move kie
boh support mun
bul support gre
bur support ruh move mun
con support smy
den support ruh move kie
eas support aeg move smy
gre hold
hel move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun support hel move kie
nap move rom
nth move hol
nwy support bar move stp
pie support ven
ruh move kie
sev move bla
stp move fin
tri move ven
tyr support ruh move mun
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bal support ber
bar support nwy
ber hold
boh support mun
bul support gre
bur move mun
con support smy
den move kie
eas move smy
edi hold
fin move nwy
gre hold
hel move kie
hol move nth
ion support aeg move gre
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
nat move iri
nwy hold
pie support tyr
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
tri move ven
tyr support bur move mun
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove iri
build Army kie
remove mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
bal convoy den move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
bla move con
boh support mun
bul support gre
bur support tyr move mun
con move smy
den move lvn via convoy
eas support aeg move smy
edi move den via convoy
fin move nwy
gre hold
hel move kie
kie support ber
mun support pru move ber
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support bar move stp
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move apu
ruh support tyr move mun
sil support pru move ber
smy move ank
stp support fin move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank support bla move con
apu move alb via convoy
bal support kie move ber
bar move stp/nc
bla move con
boh support vie move tyr
bul support bla move con
bur support mun
con move aeg
den move kie
eas support smy
fin move swe
gre hold
hel move kie
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move ber
lvn move war
mun hold
nth support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
pie support ven
ruh move kie
sil support ber
smy hold
stp move mos
tri hold
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove bul
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support ank move smy
ank move smy
apu support ven
bal support mun move ber
boh move mun
bre move pic
bur move mun
con support ank move smy
den move swe
eas move aeg
gre hold
hel support swe move den
ion support eas move aeg
kie support mun move ber
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move ber
nth move hel
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
sil support ber
smy support eas move aeg
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri hold
tyr support boh move mun
ven support pie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
France: fleet/dislodged smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
smy move syr
swe move fin
tyr move vie
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support smy
apu move alb via convoy
bal support ber
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
con support smy
eas support ion
fin move swe
gal move rum
gre hold
hel move den
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move hol
gol move tys
mun hold
nth move den
nwy support stp/nc
pic move bel
pru move bal
ruh support kie move hol
sil move mun
stp/nc hold
swe move den
syr move smy
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
