PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move con
apu move tun
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
gal move sil
ion convoy apu move tun
kie support ruh move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
sev move arm
ukr move rum
vie move bud
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
arm move bla
bre move eng
bul support gre move ser
bur move bel
con move bla
den move nth
gre move ser
ion move eas
kie support ruh move hol
lon move nth
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move pic
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev support arm move bla
sil move gal
smy move con
spa move mar
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move alb
ven move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support mar move bur
bla support sev move arm
boh support gal move vie
bud move vie
bul hold
con move ank
den support kie
eas convoy tun move syr
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move vie
gre support rum move bul
hel move hol
ion convoy tun move syr
kie support ruh move hol
lon hold
mid move iri
mar move bur
nwy move ska
pic move wal
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
ska move swe
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tun move syr
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
arm move ank
bel support bur
ber move bal
bla support arm move ank
boh move vie
bre move eng
bul move con
bur support bel
con move bul
den move nth
eas support syr move smy
eng move lon
gre move aeg
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
kie move den
nwy support ska move swe
ser move alb
sev move rum
ska move swe
smy move aeg
syr move smy
ven move tri
vie move gal
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ank support bla move con
bal move den
bel support bur
bla move con
bud move vie
bul support bla move con
bur support bel
con move ank
den move kie
eas move aeg
eng support lon
gal support bud move vie
ion support eas move aeg
lon support wal move yor
nth move edi
nwy support swe
rum move bud
ser move tri
stp/sc move bot
swe support stp/sc move bot
tri support vie
vie support tri
wal move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
tri move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move con
bel move pic
ber move pru
boh move gal
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul/sc
edi move nrg
eng support lon move nth
gal support bud move vie
gre support aeg move bul/ec
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move cly
nwy move ska
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move bud
tyr move ven
ven move adr
vie support tri move bud
war move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
ank move con
bal move kie
ber support kie
boh move gal
bud hold
bur hold
cly move nrg
con move bul/sc
den support kie
eng support nth
gal move bud
ion support aeg move gre
kie support den
mid move spa/sc
nth support den
nrg move bar
nwy move nth
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
ska support swe move den
swe move den
ven move tri
vie support bud
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bel
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support pru move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
bul/sc move aeg
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move nwy
eng support nth
gal move ukr
hel move den
ion move tun
kie support ber
mos move ukr
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pic move bur
pru move ber
rum move gal
ser move bud
ska support nwy
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc support nwy
tri support bud move vie
ven move pie
vie hold
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
gal move boh
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bar move nwy
ber support den move kie
bud move ser
bur move gas
den move kie
edi move den
eng move mid
gal move sil
hel support nth move den
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move den
nrg support nth
sil support kie move ber
ska support nwy
stp/nc support nwy
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
sil move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet bre
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy lvn move swe
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bre move mid
bul/sc move con
con support gre move bul/ec
den move kie
gas move bur
gre move bul/sc
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
kie move hol
lvn move swe
mid move naf
mar support tyr move pie
mun support den move kie
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support lvn move swe
pie move ven
ser move bud
sil support ber move mun
ska support lvn move swe
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc support nwy
tri move alb
tun support tys move ion
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie hold
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie disband
mun move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move tri
bal move den
boh support mun
bul/sc move con
bud support gal move vie
bur support ruh move mun
con move ank
gal move vie
gre move alb
hel move den
hol support kie
kie support ruh move mun
mid move eng
naf move mid
nth support hel move den
nrg support nth
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
sil move ber
ska support bal move den
stp/nc support nwy
swe support bal move den
tri move vie
tys support tun
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
remove tun
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move con
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud support vie move tri
bur support mun
con move bul/sc
den support ber move kie
eng support nth
gre move bul/sc
hel support kie
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie support mun
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support kie
nrg support nth
nwy support stp/nc move bar
sev move bla
sil move mun
ska support den
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri support alb move ser
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ank move smy
bar support nwy move nrg
ber move mun
bla move ank
boh support ber move mun
bud move ser
bur support mun
con support bla move ank
den move kie
eng support nth
gal move vie
gre move ion
hel support kie
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support mun
gol move tys
mun support kie
nth support hel move den
nrg support nth
nwy move nrg
pie support ven
sev move rum
sil support ber move mun
ska move nth
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
mun move ruh
nrg move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove hol
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
alb support ser
ank move con
bar move nrg
boh support tri move tyr
bud move ser
bur support tyr move mun
con move smy
den move nth
edi support nth
eng move iri
hel move den
ion move tun
kie support tyr move mun
gol move spa/sc
mun move ber
nth support hel move den
nrg move nat
pie move mar
ruh support tyr move mun
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun move ber
ska support den move nth
stp/sc move bot
tri move tyr
tys support ion move tun
vie support tri move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
tyr move mun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support ser move tri
bal support ska move den
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bud support rum move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
edi move nrg
iri move lvp
kie support mun move ber
mid move eng
mar move pie
mun move ber
nat move lvp
nth move nwy
nrg move nth
nwy support bot move swe
ruh support mun
rum move ser
ser move tri
sil support tyr move mun
ska move den
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support tun move ion
ven support ser move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
den move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tri
bal support mun move kie
ber support kie move mun
boh move tyr
bre move wal
bul/sc move gre
bud move tri
bur support kie move mun
den move hel
eas move ion
edi support nth
eng convoy bre move wal
gre move alb
hel move den
ion support alb
iri support mid move nat
kie move mun
mid move nat
mun move kie
nat move lvp
nth support hel move den
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support kie move mun
ser support gre move alb
sil support pru move ber
swe move nwy
tys support ion
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
den move ska
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bal move kie
boh support vie move tyr
bud support alb move tri
bur support mun
eas move ion
edi move cly
eng support nth
gre support eas move ion
ion move alb
iri support wal move lvp
kie support mun
mun support pie move tyr
nat move cly
nth support den move ska
nrg move nth
pie move tyr
ser support alb move tri
sil support ber
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
