PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul support gal move rum
bur move mar
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie support spa move mar
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support gal move rum
spa move por
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tyr
war hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support mun move bur
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul hold
con support bul
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
spa/sc move gol
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move tri
ukr support sev
vie support tri move tyr
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tyr disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support bur move pic
bla support arm move sev
bud support vie move gal
bur move pic
con support bul
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
lon move nth
gol move pie
mar support par move bur
mos support sev
nth move bel
par move bur
pic support nth move bel
pie move mar
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
ska move den
spa support mar
swe move nwy
tyr move boh
tys support wes move gol
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gol move tus
nth move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul hold
bur support bel move pic
con support bul
den move swe
gal move ukr
hol support nth
lon move nth
gol support pie move mar
mar support tus move pie
mos support sev
nth hold
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil support ukr move gal
ska support nrg move nwy
spa support gol move mar
tus move pie
tys support rom move tus
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
mar move gas
nwy move stp/nc
sev move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support sev
boh support bud move gal
bud move gal
bul hold
bur support bel move pic
con support bul
gal move rum
gas support pie move mar
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move sev
nth move edi
nwy move stp/nc
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move boh
ska move den
spa support pie move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tus support mar move pie
tys move wes
ukr support gal move rum
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
rum move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
remove pie
remove sil
remove vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support sev
boh move tyr
bud support gal move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mar
con support bul
edi support hol move nth
gal move rum
gas support bur move mar
hol move nth
kie move hel
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos support rum move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nwy support lon move nth
par move bre
pic support ruh move bur
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser support gal move rum
sev support bud move rum
ska support lon move nth
spa support bur move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tus move gol
ukr support rum move sev
war move gal
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
spa move por
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move par
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move par
con support bul
edi support hel move nth
gal support ukr move rum
gas support mar move spa
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move aeg
lon move yor
gol move mar
mar move spa
mos support sev
nwy support ska move swe
pic support bur move par
pie support gol move mar
por support mar move spa
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
ska move swe
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
remove por
remove stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move smy
bla support bul
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
bul support ukr move rum
con support bul
den move swe
edi support nth
gal support ukr move rum
gas move bur
gre support rum move bul
hol support nth
kie move hel
mid move nat
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun move bur
nth hold
par hold
pic support par
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
tri move tyr
ukr move rum
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bla support rum
bre move gas
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con hold
den move swe
edi move yor
gal support bul move rum
gas move bur
gre move bul/sc
hel support nth
hol support nth
lon move nth
gol move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move war
nat move lvp
nth support edi move yor
nwy move ska
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move spa
rum support con move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
smy support con
spa/sc support mar
swe support nwy move ska
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove por
build Fleet rom
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bla support rum
bud support gal
bul support ser move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
gal support ser move rum
gre support bul
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar hold
mos move ukr
nap move ion
rom move tys
rum support ukr move gal
sev support rum
ska support swe move den
smy move con
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bla support rum
boh support tyr move mun
bud move vie
con move bul
den support ruh move kie
gal move bud
gre support bul
ion move eas
lon move nth
mid move eng
mar move gas
por hold
ruh move kie
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev support rum
ska support den
smy move con
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move gal
wal support mid move eng
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bla move bul/ec
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul move con
con support smy
den support ska move nth
eas move smy
eng support wal move lon
gal move boh
gas move bur
gre support bul
kie move mun
lon move eng
mun move tyr
por move spa/nc
rum support bla move bul
ser support vie move tri
sev move arm
sil support gal move boh
ska move nth
smy support con
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wal move lon
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move vie
lon move yor
smy move ank
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support con move smy
arm support ank move smy
boh support gal move vie
bud move tri
bul/ec move con
bur move mun
con move smy
den move nth
eng move bel
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
mid move nat
mun move tyr
nth move nrg
rum move ser
ser support tri move bud
sil move ber
smy move con
spa/nc move mid
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie support tri move bud
yor support den move nth
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove gre
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank move smy
arm support ank move smy
bel move nth
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bud support rum move ser
bul/ec move con
bur move mun
con support ank move smy
lon support bel move nth
mid move eng
mun support boh move tyr
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth move lon
nrg move edi
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser support tri
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ser
tyr support tri
ven move pie
vie move tri
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Italy: fleet/dislodged lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
con move ank
lon move wal
ser move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
arm support smy
bla support bul/ec
boh support mun
bud move tri
bul/ec support ank move con
bur support tyr move mun
con move bla
edi support nwy move nth
eng move bre
gre support tri move ser
ion move alb
kie move den
lon support nwy move nth
mid support eng move bre
mun support vie move tyr
nth move den
nwy move nth
pie support ven move tyr
ser move gre
smy support ank move con
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move lon
yor support lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
con move aeg
nth move ska
ser move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove gre
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support tyr move tri
ank move con
arm support con move smy
bla support bul/ec
boh support vie move tyr
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul/ec support ank move con
bur hold
con move smy
edi move cly
ion move adr
kie move ruh
lon move wal
mid move eng
mun support kie move ruh
nth move nwy
pie move mar
ser support tyr move tri
ska move nwy
smy move syr
stp/sc move bot
tri support bud move ser
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
wal support mid move eng
war move sil
yor move nth
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move con
alb move gre
arm move rum via convoy
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move tyr
bot move bal
bud support arm move rum
bul/ec support arm move rum
bur support eng move bel
cly move lvp
con move aeg
eng move bel
lon support nth
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth support ruh move bel
pic support eng move bel
ruh move bel
ser support tri
sil move ber
ska move den
smy hold
syr move smy
tri support ser
tyr move pie
ven support tri
vie support bud
wal move lvp
yor support lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ser move bul
bal support nth move den
ber move kie
boh support tyr
bud move ser
bul/ec support rum
bur move ruh
cly move nat
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move cly
eng support pic move bel
gre support ser move bul
lon support yor move nth
mar move bur
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move den
pic move bel
rom move tus
ruh support ber move kie
rum support bud move ser
ser move bul
smy hold
tyr move tri
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
wal move lvp
yor move nth
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Italy: fleet/dislodged den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move bla
den move ska
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support bul
bal support den
bel support ska move nth
bla support con move bul
boh support tyr
bul support tri move ser
bur move par
cly move lvp
con move bul/sc
den support nth
eng support ska move nth
gre support bul
ion move eas
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp hold
mar move bur
mun move bur
nat support cly move lvp
nth support lon move eng
ruh support kie move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
ska move nth
smy move con
syr move smy
tri move ser
tus move pie
tyr support vie move tri
ven support tus move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Italy: fleet/dislodged lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move iri
tri move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove syr
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bal move swe
bel support ska move nth
bla support rum move bul
boh move vie
con support smy
den support nth move ska
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng support bel
gre support bul
hol move bel
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth move ska
par support mar move bur
pie support ven
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support rum
ska move nth
smy support con
stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ven support pie
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move nth
bla support con move bul
con support bla
den move hel
eng support bel move nth
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move eas
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth support lon move eng
nwy move nrg
par support mar move bur
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska move nwy
smy move con
swe move ska
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tus
vie move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Italy: fleet/dislodged bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tus
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel support mun move bur
ber move kie
bla support con
bul support ser move gre
bur support mar
con support smy
eas move syr
eng support pic
gre move aeg
hel support ska move den
iri move mid
lon support nth move eng
lvp move iri
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nat support lvp move iri
nth move eng
nrg hold
nwy move nth
par support bur
pic support eng
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
ska move den
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr support mos move sev
ven move rom
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move bla
bel support mun move bur
bla move bul/ec
bul move con
bur hold
con support bla move bul
den support nth
eas support syr move smy
eng move wal
gre hold
hel support kie move hol
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
lon support nth move eng
mid hold
mar support bur
mun hold
nat move mid
nth move eng
nrg support nth
nwy move nth
par support bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh support mun move bur
rum support arm move bla
sev move arm
smy move ank
stp/nc support nwy
syr move smy
ukr move sev
ven move rom
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move bre
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
