PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move rom
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul support gal move rum
bur move bel
den move swe
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
ser hold
sev move bla
spa move por
stp move fin
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven move adr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move bal
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con support ank move bla
edi move nth
fin move swe
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ber
mun move boh
nap support tun move ion
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser move alb
sev move bla
spa/sc move mid
tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb hold
bal move ber
bla move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bud move vie
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
gre hold
hel support nth move den
ion move adr
mid move wes
nap move apu
nth move den
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev move mos
ska move nwy
swe hold
tri move tyr
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
ven move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
den move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
remove ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu move ven
bal convoy swe move pru
bel support hel move hol
bla move sev
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud support alb move tri
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
gal move rum
gre hold
hel move hol
mar move gol
mun move boh
nwy move swe
sev move mos
smy move eas
spa move mar
swe move pru via convoy
tri move bud
tyr support alb move tri
ukr move mos
vie support tri move bud
war move mos
wes move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
aeg move gre
bal support pru move ber
bel hold
bla hold
boh support tyr move vie
bud support gal move rum
den move kie
eas support ion
gal move rum
gre move nap via convoy
hol support den move kie
ion convoy gre move nap
gol move tys
mid move bre
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move nwy
pru move ber
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bud
sev move ukr
swe hold
tri support ser move bud
tun support gol move tys
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move mos
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bal move kie
bel hold
ber support bal move kie
bla support sev
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud move tri
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support eas move ion
hol support kie
ion move apu
kie hold
lon hold
lvp move yor
mar move gol
mos support ukr move sev
nap support ion move apu
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
pie move tus
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev hold
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven move apu
vie support rum move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal move kie
bel hold
ber support bal move kie
bla support sev
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move gre
eas move ion
fin support nwy move stp
gre move alb
hol support kie
ion move apu
kie support swe move bal
lon move yor
gol move tys
mos support ukr move sev
nap support ion move apu
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move stp
pic support bel
rum support vie move bud
ser support vie move bud
sev hold
swe move bal
tri support bud move vie
tun support gol move tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven support adr move apu
vie move bud
yor move den
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move bot
bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
remove gal
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal convoy den move lvn
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move sev
bot move swe
bud move tri
den move lvn via convoy
eas support ion
fin support stp
gre move alb
hol support kie
ion support nap
kie hold
lon move yor
mar move gol
mos hold
mun hold
nap hold
nth convoy yor move den
pic support bel
rom move nap
ser support bud move tri
sev move ukr
stp hold
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven move apu
vie support bud move tri
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
apu hold
bal move ber
bel hold
ber hold
den move swe
eas support ion
fin support den move swe
hol support kie
ion support nap
kie support bal move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mos hold
mun support tyr
nap support alb move apu
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic support bel
rom support tys move nap
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev hold
stp move mos
swe hold
tun move ion
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move bud
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
mos move war
swe move bal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
remove apu
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Army vie
remove war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
eas support ion move aeg
edi move yor
fin move stp
ion move aeg
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap support tun move ion
nth support lon move eng
par move bur
pic support bre move eng
rom move tys
sev move bla
sil move gal
swe move den
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel support ruh move hol
ber support den move kie
bla convoy sev move con
bre move eng
bul move con
bur support bel
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move mid
gre support bul
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move hel
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth support hol
nwy move stp
pic support bre move eng
pru move sil
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move con via convoy
sil move ber
stp move mos
tyr move boh
tys move wes
vie move gal
war support pru move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move wal
ion move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bla move con
boh support mun move sil
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mun
den move kie
eng move iri
gal support rum move ukr
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion support aeg move gre
lon move eng
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap support tys move ion
nth support lon move eng
pic move eng
ruh support bel move hol
rum move ukr
ser support rum
sev support mos move ukr
stp move mos
tri move adr
tun move wes
tys move ion
wal support lon move eng
war support sil
wes move mid
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move sil
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move bel
eas move ion
eng move bel
gal move ukr
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie move hol
mid move nat
mos move ukr
mun support hol move kie
nap support ion
nth support kie move hol
pic move bre
ruh support hol move kie
rum hold
ser support bul
sev support mos move ukr
sil move mun
stp move lvn
wal move iri
wes move mid
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
boh move sil
bre support mid move eng
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move bel
con move bul/ec
eas move ion
edi move nrg
eng move iri
gal move war
gre move ser
hel support kie
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
iri support mid move eng
lvn move pru
mid move eng
mun support boh move sil
nat move nrg
nap support ion
nth move eng
par move pic
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move ber
ukr move gal
wal support eng move iri
war support ukr move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: fleet/dislodged iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
iri move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur support eng move bel
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
edi move nrg
eng move bel
gal move war
hel support kie
hol move ruh
ion support alb move gre
kie support ber
lvp move wal
mid support bre move eng
mun support sil move ber
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth support edi move nrg
pic support eng move bel
pru support ber
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil move ber
tri move ser
ukr move sev
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
bel move nth
ber support pru move sil
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
con move bla
eas support aeg
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
gre hold
hel support kie
hol move bel
ion support gre
iri support lon move eng
kie support ber
lon move eng
mid support eng
mos support war
mun support sil move ber
nat move iri
nap support ion
nth support lon move eng
nrg support nth
pic move wal via convoy
pru move sil
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser support gre
sil move ber
smy move arm
ukr support rum move sev
wal hold
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
sil move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
arm move sev
bel support eng move nth
ber support kie
bla support arm move sev
boh support mun
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
eas move ion
eng move nth
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
hel support hol
ion support gre
iri move eng
kie support ber
lon support iri move eng
mid move iri
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move kie
nat move nrg
nap support ion
nth support iri move eng
nrg support nth
pic support bel
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support ukr move mos
sil support war
ukr move mos
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
nth move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gre
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move eng
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
boh support mun
bud support rum
bul support alb move gre
bur move pic
eas move ion
edi move cly
eng move mid
gal move war
hel support hol
iri support bel move eng
kie move den
lon move nth
mos support war move ukr
mun support gal move sil
nat move mid
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move bel
rum support sev
sev hold
sil move mun
ukr support gal move war
wal move lvp
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
ukr move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move con
cly support lvp
con support aeg
den move kie
eas move ion
eng support nth move lon
gal move ukr
hel support hol
hol hold
ion support gre
iri support nat move lvp
lon support wal
mos support ukr move war
mun support gal move sil
nat move lvp
nap support ion
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pic move bur
rum support sev
sev support war move mos
sil support ukr move war
ukr move war
wal support lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove eas
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move sev
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move eng
bul move con
bur move ruh
cly move nat
con move bul/sc
den move bal
eng move lon
gal move war
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol move ruh
ion support gre move aeg
iri support lon move wal
lon move wal
lvp support wal
mos support war
mun support gal move sil
nat move lvp
nap support ion
nth move lon
pic support bel
rum move sev
sev hold
sil move gal
ukr support gal move war
wal support nth move lon
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
gal move vie
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal move den
bel support ruh move hol
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move con
cly support nth move nrg
con support smy move aeg
den move nth
eng move nth
gal move sil
ion move eas
iri move lvp
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nat move cly
nap move ion
nth move nrg
pic move bur
ruh move hol
rum support sev
ser move gre
sev support ukr
smy move aeg
ukr hold
vie support bud move gal
wal support iri move lvp
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move yor
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
ank support smy
bal move den
bel support bur move ruh
boh support mun
bre move eng
bul support gre move con
bur move ruh
cly support nrg move nat
con support smy
den move nth
eas support aeg move smy
eng move lon
gal move war
gre move con
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lvp support nat
mar move spa/sc
mos support war
mun support hol move kie
nat hold
nrg move nat
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support kie move mun
smy support con
ukr support sev move mos
vie move bud
wal support eng move lon
war support sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ber
mos move stp
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
ank support con
bel hold
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud move rum
bul move con
cly move nat
con support smy
den support ber move kie
eng support lon
gal move war
gre move smy
kie support mun
lon support wal
lvp support nat
mun support kie
nat hold
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
ruh support kie
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy support con
spa/sc move mid
stp support war move mos
ukr support gal move war
wal support lvp
war move mos
yor move wal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove mos
build Army par
remove stp
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
ank support con
arm support gre move smy
bel move hol
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move con
cly support nrg move nat
con support smy
den support nth
eas support aeg move smy
eng move nth
gre move smy
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon support eng move nth
lvp hold
mid move nat
mun support kie move ber
nat move nrg
nth support yor move lon
nrg move nat
par move pic
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy support con
ukr support sev move mos
wal support lvp
war support sev move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet/dislodged nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nat move iri
smy move syr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move smy
arm move ank
ber support kie
boh move sil
bre move pic
bul move con
cly support yor move lvp
con support ank move smy
den move kie
eas move syr
eng support lon
hol support pic move bel
ion hold
iri support lvp
kie support ber
lon hold
lvp support mid move nat
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun support ber
nat support yor move lvp
nth move lon
pic move bel
pru support sil move ber
sev move mos
sil move ber
smy support bul move con
syr support ank move smy
ukr support war
wal support lvp
war hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove ank
remove den
build Army par
remove pru
remove sil
remove syr
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla move rum
boh support ber move sil
bud move rum
cly support nat move lvp
eas support ion move aeg
eng move nth
hol move ruh
ion support eas move aeg
iri support lvp
kie move den
lon support eng move nth
lvp support mid move nat
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nat move lvp
nth move den
par move bur
pic move bel
smy support arm move ank
stp move fin
ukr move sev
wal support lvp
yor support nat move lvp
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
England: fleet/dislodged nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move nth
bla move con
boh support tyr
bur move mun
cly move edi
fin move swe
ion move gre
iri move nat
kie move den
lon move yor
lvp support iri move nat
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
stp move nwy
tyr move ven
wal support lvp
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
