PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
smy move con
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move gre via convoy
bla convoy con move rum
bud move rum
bul support con move rum
bur move bel
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon hold
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
sev move arm
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move ven
bla support ank move arm
bud support ser
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con move aeg
edi move den via convoy
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp
par move pic
por move spa
ruh move bel
rum hold
spa/sc move gol
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
arm support rum move sev
bel hold
bla move rum
bud support tri
bul move gre
bur move bel
edi move yor
eng move nth
ion move gre
kie move den
gol move wes
mun move ruh
nth move hol
pic support bur move bel
pie move tus
rum move sev
ser move gre
spa move gas
stp hold
swe move nwy
tyr move tri
tys move tus
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move bla
bel support gas move bur
ber support kie
con move bul
den move nth
edi move nrg
gas move bur
gre move ser
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
mar move gol
mun support ruh
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move nth
pic support gas move bur
pie move tus
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support tri
sev move mos
smy move eas
stp support yor move nwy
tyr move tri
tys support ion move tun
ven support tyr move tri
vie move boh
wes support mar move gol
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel support bur move ruh
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move sil
bul support gre move ser
bur move ruh
den move nth
eas move ion
gre move ser
hol hold
kie support ruh
gol move tys
mos hold
mun support ruh
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pic move bur
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser move tri
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun support tys
tus move rom
tys move rom
ven move tri
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move nap
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ank move rum via convoy
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul/sc
den move ska
edi move yor
hol support nrg move nth
ion hold
kie move hol
mos hold
mun move sil
nap move tys
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
rom support nap move tys
ruh move mun
ser move alb
ska support nwy move swe
smy move eas
stp hold
swe move nwy
tun support nap move tys
tus move tys
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move tyr
tun move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move ser
ank move rum via convoy
ber move pru via convoy
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
den move bal
hol support ruh move kie
ion support tys move tun
kie move ber via convoy
mos move war
mun move ber
naf support tys move tun
nth move den
nwy move swe
rom move nap
ruh move kie
ser move bud
ska support nth move den
swe move bot
tri support ser move bud
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move tun
vie support ser move bud
wes support tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove pru
build Army smy
remove vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move apu
ank move sev via convoy
bla convoy ank move sev
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move nth
eas support ion
gre move alb
ion convoy smy move apu
kie move ber
mar move spa/sc
mun move sil
naf move mid
par move bur
rom move tys
ser hold
ska move swe
smy move apu via convoy
swe move fin
ven move rom
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move adr
apu support nap move rom
ber hold
bot move bal
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move mun
eas move aeg
fin move stp
hol move hel
ion hold
mos move war
naf support tun
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move kie
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/sc support bre move mid
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun hold
tys move tun
vie move gal
wes support tys move tun
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army/dislodged rom
Italy: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
hel move den
kie move mun
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move war
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move boh
naf support tun move wes
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move fin
rom support nap move tys
sil support lvn move war
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
swe move bal
tun move wes
tys move tun
ven move tyr
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move ven
bal move bot
boh move tyr
bud move vie
den move ska
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move stp
gal move war
ion support tys move tun
gol move tys
mid move naf
mos hold
mun support boh move tyr
naf support tys move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tus
pru support war
rom move tus
rum move bud
sev move ukr
sil move boh
stp move lvn
tun support gol move tys
tyr move vie
tys move tun
war hold
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
boh support tyr move vie
bot move bal
bud move vie
gal move sil
gre move ion
ion move tys
lon move den via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
mar support pie move gol
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf support tys move tun
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move fin
pie move gol
pru support war
rum move gal
stp move mos
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ukr support mos
ven support rom move tus
war support stp move mos
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
bal convoy swe move pru
bla support sev
boh move mun
bud support gal move vie
den move swe
fin move stp
gal move vie
ion move tun
lvn move war
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
naf support tun
pru move ber
sev move mos
sil move mun
ska move nwy
swe move pru via convoy
tun hold
tyr support vie
tys move tus
ukr move gal
vie hold
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move pru
ber support pru move sil
boh support vie
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support war
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos hold
naf move wes
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie move tus
pru move sil
stp support mos
swe move pru via convoy
tun support tys move ion
tyr move mun
tys move ion
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun move tyr
bur move mun
ion move gre
lvn support pru move war
gol move tys
mos hold
mun move tyr
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru move war
sil support war move gal
stp support mos
tun move ion
tus support gol move tys
vie move bud
war move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move pru
gal move ukr
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
lvn support stp move mos
mos move sev
pie move ven
sil move gal
stp move mos
swe move pru via convoy
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tus move rom
vie move tri
war support gal move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
eas move smy
gal move rum
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nat move lvp
pru move war
rom support tys move nap
stp move mos
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
