PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bud support tri move ser
con move aeg
den hold
eng move bre
gal move bud
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
spa hold
tri move ser
tus move pie
ukr move rum
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mun move bur
nth move bel
nwy hold
par move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
rum support war move gal
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp hold
swe hold
tri hold
tun move wes
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ion
ber hold
boh support war move gal
bre hold
bud move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
eas move ion
eng support iri move mid
gre support con move bul
hol support bur move bel
iri move mid
gol support spa move mar
mun hold
nth support nwy
nwy support den move swe
par move bre
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum support war move gal
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tys move gol
vie hold
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army con
remove fin
build Fleet kie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move gre
bel move bur
ber move sil
boh support gal move vie
bre hold
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
den support kie move bal
eng move lon
gal move vie
gre support bul move ser
hol move bel
ion move alb
kie move bal
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mun support bel move bur
nth support swe move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev move rum
spa move gas
swe move den
tys support wes move gol
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
vie disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb support bud move tri
bal support ska move den
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move tri
bul support ser
bur move bel
den support swe
eng support bre
gas move mar
gre move alb
ion hold
lon move nth
gol support mar
mid support par move bre
mar hold
mun hold
nth move hol
par move bre
rum support vie move bud
ser support gre move alb
sev support rum
ska move den
spa/sc support gas move mar
swe support den
tys move wes
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Austria: fleet/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove bur
build Fleet con
remove mid
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support kie move den
bel hold
bud move tri
den support swe
eng move mid
gal move sil
gas support par move bre
ion move adr
kie move den
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nth move nwy
par move bre
rum hold
sev support rum
ska support kie move den
spa/sc move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe support den
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
den move hel
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move tri
bal move ber
bel move hol
boh move sil
bot move bal
bre hold
bud move vie
bul hold
con hold
den support ska move swe
eng move bel
gas support por move spa
hel support nth move den
ion move tun
mid move por
mar move bur
nth move den
nwy support swe
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
sev support ukr move rum
sil support tyr move mun
ska move swe
spa/sc support mid move por
swe support nth move den
tri support ven
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven support tri
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove sev
remove ska
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move ber
bel move hol
bot move bal
bre move par
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move par
con move aeg
den support mun move kie
edi move nth
gas move mar
hel support bel move hol
hol support kie
ion support tun move tys
kie support bal move ber
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mun move kie
nap move ion
nwy hold
por move mid
pru move ber
rum support bud
ser support alb move tri
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
swe hold
tun move tys
vie support alb move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol disband
kie move ruh
tri move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal hold
ber support sil move mun
bot support swe
bre move par
bud support rum
bul support con
bur move par
den support kie
eng move bre
gas move mar
hel support kie
hol support yor move bel
ion move adr
kie support sil move mun
mid support eng move bre
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy hold
ruh hold
rum support bud
ser support tri
sil move mun
spa/sc move mar
swe hold
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
wes move tun
yor move bel
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army edi
remove gas
build Fleet lon
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Army stp
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bel move pic
ber move kie
bot move bal
bre support bel move pic
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move par
con support bul
den hold
edi move hol via convoy
hel support ber move kie
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mid move por
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy hold
pic move par
rum move bud
ser hold
sev move rum
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe hold
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion move nap
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bal move den
bel move eng
bre hold
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
den support nth
eng move mid
hel support ruh move hol
hol move bel
kie support bal move den
mun support vie move tyr
nap support tys
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
pic move par
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
tyr move pie
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bre
build Fleet con
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
bel move ruh
bud support rum move ser
bul support ser
con move bla
den support hel move nth
eng move bel
hel move nth
hol move bel
kie support den
mid move bre
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth support eng move bel
nwy move swe
par support mun move bur
pic move par
rum move ser
ser support bul
sev move arm
ska support nwy move swe
smy move ank
spa/sc move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tus support rom
tyr move tri
tys support nap move rom
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur move bel
den support swe
edi move nth
eng move lon
hol support bur move bel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nwy support edi move nth
par hold
pic support ruh move bur
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move bud
sev support rum
ska support edi move nth
smy move con
stp support nth move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tri move vie
tus support rom
tyr move mun
tys support nap move rom
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lon
build Army mos
remove rom
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support ruh move bur
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support pic move par
con move bul
den support nwy move nth
eng move bel
hol support bel
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth support eng move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
par hold
pic move par
ruh move bur
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
ska support nrg move nwy
stp move fin
swe support den
tri support tyr
tun support nap move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tri
tys move rom
ukr support rum
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
nth move edi
sev move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support sev
bud move ser
bur move gas
con support bul
den move ska
edi move nth
eng move lon
fin support stp move nwy
gal move rum
gas support pic move par
hol move yor via convoy
ion move adr
mos support rum move sev
mun move tyr
nth convoy hol move yor
nwy move swe
par hold
pic move par
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
nwy disband
sev move arm
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move sev
bel support bur move pic
bla support bul move rum
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
bur move pic
con move bul
den support nth
edi support ska move nth
fin hold
gas support pic move bur
ion move apu
lon support ska move nth
lvp move yor
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth support yor move lon
nwy hold
par hold
pic move bur
rom move tus
rum support bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
ska move nth
swe hold
tri move vie
tyr move boh
ukr support rum
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
rum move gal
tri move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
alb move tri
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bud support tri move ser
bul support rum
bur support bel move pic
den support nth
edi support ska move nth
fin move stp
gal move vie
gas support pic move par
lon support lvp move yor
lvp move yor
mar move gol
mos support sev
nth support yor move lon
nwy hold
par hold
pic move par
rum support arm move sev
ser support alb move tri
ska move nth
swe hold
tri move ser
tus hold
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
ven move rom
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
Russia: army/dislodged yor
ORDERS
par move bre
ser move alb
yor disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ser
arm move sev
bla move rum
boh move sil
bre move par
bud support sev move rum
bul support alb move ser
bur move mun
den move ska
edi support ska move nth
gas move bre
lon support ska move nth
gol move mar
mos move sev
nth move eng
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
pic move par
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move rum
ska move nth
stp move fin
swe hold
tri support rum move bud
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Russia: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
bre move par
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support bre move par
edi move nth
eng support ska move nth
fin move swe
gal support rum
gas move bre
gre move bul
lon move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
nth move hol
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
pic support bre move par
rum hold
ser support bul
sil move ber
ska move nth
swe move den
tri support ser
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri
vie move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
remove swe
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move gas
con support bul
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move bre
gal move sil
gas move mar
gre move alb
hol support edi move nth
lon support edi move nth
lvp move iri
nap hold
nwy hold
par move bre
pic support eng move bre
pie move tyr
rom move nap
rum move ser
ser support alb move gre
sev hold
ska move nth
spa/sc move mid
tri move bud
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
yor move wal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla move rum
bre hold
bul support alb move gre
con support bul
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre move ser
hol support ber move kie
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid move spa/nc
mar support mid move spa
nth support lon move eng
nwy hold
par hold
pic move bel
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support bla move rum
sev hold
ska move nth
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
ven move adr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
con support bul
den hold
eng support mid move bre
gas move bur
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
kie hold
mid move bre
mar support spa/nc move gas
nap move rom
nth support hol move bel
nwy hold
par hold
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev hold
ska support den
spa/nc move gas
stp/sc move bot
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ukr support sev
ven support nap move rom
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
Russia: fleet/dislodged bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bre move pic
rom move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
bot move bal
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move gas
den move kie
eng support bre move pic
gas move bre
gre support rum move bul
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
lon move yor
mar move bur
nth support bel
nwy hold
par move bre
pic support par move bre
ruh support den move kie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support rum
sil move ber
ska move den
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ukr support sev
ven move pie
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Turkey: army/dislodged kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move den
bel support hol
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move ska
eng move nth
gas support pic move bre
gre support con move bul
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie support bal move den
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap support ion move tys
nth move den
nwy hold
par hold
pic move bre
pie support bur move mar
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
sil move ber
smy move aeg
tri move alb
ukr support rum
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
England: army/dislodged mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move spa
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move nth
ber hold
bla move rum
bre support gas move mid
bul move ser
con support bul
den move hel
eng support bel move nth
gas move mid
gre move alb
hol support bel
kie move den
lon hold
mar hold
mos support sev
nap support tys move rom
nth move nrg
nwy hold
par move pic
pie hold
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sev hold
sil move mun
ska move nth
spa move mar
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr support rum
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army stp
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
arm move sev
ber move mun
bla move rum
bre support lon move pic
bul move ser
con support bul
den hold
eng convoy lon move pic
gre hold
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie support hel move hol
lon move pic
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie hold
rom hold
rum hold
ser support alb
sev hold
ska move nth
spa move gas
stp support nwy
ukr support rum
ven move rom
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Turkey: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
alb move tri
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel hold
bla move rum
bre move pic
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
eng support nth move bel
gas support mid move spa
gre move alb
hol support bel
kie support hol
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support sev
nth move bel
nrg support nth
nwy hold
pic move par
pie support ven
rom hold
ruh support hol
rum hold
ser move bul
sev hold
ska move nth
stp support nwy
ukr support rum
ven hold
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
