PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move sil
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
sev move rum
spa move por
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move aeg
edi move den via convoy
gre support bul move ser
kie move hol
lon move wal
mar move gol
mun support ber move sil
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move den
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa
ser support bud
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas
bel move hol
bot move bal
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
eas support aeg
edi move den via convoy
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
ion move tys
kie support edi move den
gol move tys
mid move naf
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp/nc
pru move ber
ser hold
sil support tyr move mun
spa hold
swe move den
tri support gal move bud
tun support ion move tys
tyr move mun
vie support tri
wal move lon
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move den
bul move rum
con move bla
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gre move bul
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
mun move bur
naf move tun
nap support ion move tys
nth move ska
par move bur
pru support sil move ber
rom move tus
ruh move bur
ser support bul move rum
sil move ber
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun move wes
vie support tri move bud
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla support rum move sev
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
gre move alb
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie move bal
gol hold
mun support ruh move bur
nap move apu
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie move ven
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
ska support den move swe
spa move gas
stp/nc support edi move nwy
swe move nwy
tun hold
tus move pie
tys move gol
vie move gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
kie disband
sev disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
apu move ven
ber support bur move mun
bla move con
bud move tri
bur move mun
con move bul
den move bal
gal move war
gas move mar
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvn move mos
gol move tus
mar move pie
mun hold
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie support tys move gol
rum move ukr
ser support bud move tri
sev move mos
ska move den
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe move fin
tun hold
tys move gol
ven support mar move pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal move kie
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
bul move rum
bur support mar
con move aeg
den support bal move kie
fin move swe
gal support sil move war
gas move spa
hel move hol
ion move tys
lvn support war move mos
gol move wes
mar support gas move spa
mun hold
nat move mid
nth move hel
pie move mar
ruh support mun
ser hold
sev move mos
sil move war
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tys move nap
ukr support sil move war
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hol
build Army lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support ion
apu move nap
bar support stp
bur move mar
con move smy
den move bal
gal move vie
hel move nth
ion support apu move nap
kie move ber
lon move yor
lvn support mos move stp
mid hold
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
pie move tus
rom support tys
ruh move hol
rum move gal
ser support ven move tri
sev move mos
spa hold
stp support mos
swe hold
tun hold
tyr move vie
tys support tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
war support sev move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support ion
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar support stp
ber hold
gal move vie
ion support wes move tun
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap support tus move rom
nth convoy yor move den
pie move tus
rom support tys move nap
rum move gal
ser move alb
smy move eas
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support adr move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr support rum move gal
war support mos
wes move tun
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal convoy den move pru
bar support stp
ber support den move pru
con move bul
den move pru via convoy
eas move ion
gal move sil
hol move ruh
ion move tys
lon move den via convoy
lvn support den move pru
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
naf move tun
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy lon move den
pie move tyr
rom support pie move tus
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp support lvn
tri support vie move tyr
tun support ion move tys
tus move rom
tyr move boh
tys support naf move tun
ukr support mos
ven move adr
vie move tyr
war support mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support ion
alb move apu via convoy
bal convoy den move ber
bar hold
ber move kie
boh support mun move sil
bul move rum
den move ber via convoy
eas support ion
ion convoy alb move apu
lvn support pru move war
gol support rom move tus
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth hold
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sil support war
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun support wes
tus support nap move rom
tys support nap move rom
ukr support mos
vie hold
war support sil
wes support tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
Italy: army/dislodged war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil disband
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army nap
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
apu support ven
bal hold
bar hold
ber move pru
boh move gal
eas support ion
edi move den via convoy
gal move vie
ion support tys move tun
kie hold
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tus move tys
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move den
pie move tus
rum move sev
sil support war
stp move mos
tun support tus move tys
tus move tys
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr support mos move war
ven support rom move tus
vie move tri
war support stp move mos
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu support ven
bal hold
bar hold
boh move gal
den move kie
eas support ion
gal move vie
gre move alb
ion support tun
kie move hel
lvn support mos
gol move tus
mos support war
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth move nrg
pie move ven
pru support war
rom move tus
sev move mos
sil support war
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven support rom move tus
vie move tri
war support sil move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
alb support ion
apu support ven
bal hold
bar convoy edi move stp
boh support sil move gal
con move bul
eas support ion
edi move stp via convoy
gal move vie
hel move nth
ion support nap
kie move ber
lvn support mos
gol support wes move tys
mos support war
mun support tyr
nap support rom
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie support tus move ven
pru support war
rom hold
sev move mos
sil move gal
tun support wes move tys
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war support sil move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
alb support tri
apu support tri move ven
bal hold
bar hold
ber hold
boh move vie
bul move ser
eas support ion
gal move bud
ion support nap
lvn support pru move war
gol move tys
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth hold
nrg hold
pie support ven
pru move war
rom move tus
sev support ukr move rum
stp support mos
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support ven
tys move rom
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support tri
apu support tus move rom
bal move kie
bar hold
ber hold
boh move gal
bud move rum
eas support ion
ion support nap
lvn move war
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth hold
nrg hold
par move bur
pie move tus
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move arm
stp move lvn
tri support vie
tun support gol move tys
tus move rom
tyr support ven move tri
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
alb support tri
apu move ven
arm move sev
bar hold
ber hold
boh move vie
bud support ser move rum
bur move mar
eas support ion
gal support ukr move rum
ion support nap
kie hold
lvn move war
gol move tys
mos support sev
nap move rom
nth hold
nrg hold
pie support ven
rom move tus
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
tri support apu move ven
tun hold
tus support ven
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support tri
war move ukr
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb support ion
apu support rom
arm move sev
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud support ser move rum
eas move aeg
edi move stp via convoy
gal move bud
ion support apu
kie hold
lvn move pru
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap support rom
nth hold
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie move tus
rom move tus
ser move rum
sev move rum
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tus move rom
vie support tri
war support ukr
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move bul/sc
alb support ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
bar hold
boh move vie
bud support ser move rum
gal support boh move vie
ion support nap
kie hold
gol move tys
mos move sev
nap move rom
nth hold
nrg hold
pie support ven
pru hold
rom support ven
rum support mos move sev
ser move rum
sil support boh
stp move mos
tri support apu move ven
tun move ion
tus support rom
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ukr support rum
ven hold
vie support tri
war support gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb support tri
arm move sev
bar hold
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc hold
edi move den via convoy
gal move bud
ion support nap
kie hold
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth convoy edi move den
nrg hold
par move bur
pie support tyr
pru move sil
rom support ven move apu
rum support gal move bud
ser support tri
sil move boh
stp move mos
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys move ion
ukr support rum
ven move apu
vie support gal move bud
war support ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb support tri
apu support tys move nap
arm move sev
bar hold
boh move gal
bud support rum move ser
bul/sc hold
bur hold
den move kie
ion support adr
kie move bal
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth hold
nrg hold
pie support ven
rom support tys move nap
rum move ser
ser move bud
sil hold
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun hold
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move ukr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove gre
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support ion move gre
apu hold
arm move sev
bal hold
bar move nrg
bre hold
bud support ven move tri
bul/sc support ion move gre
bur move mun
gal move rum
ion move gre
kie hold
lvp move nat
gol hold
mar hold
mos move sev
nap support tys move ion
nth move hel
nrg move nth
par hold
pie move tyr
rom hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil hold
stp move lvn
tri move alb
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/sc move con
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support adr move ion
apu move nap
arm move sev
bal move ber
bre hold
bud support vie move tri
bul support ser move gre
con move bul/ec
gre support con move bul
hel hold
ion move eas
kie hold
lvn move war
gol hold
mar move spa
mun move bur
nat hold
nap move ion
nth hold
nrg hold
par hold
rom hold
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil hold
tri move alb
tun hold
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
ven hold
vie move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army edi
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu move ven
arm move smy
bre hold
bud hold
bul move gre
bur move bel
con support gre move aeg
eas support nap move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move aeg
hel move den
gol hold
mun hold
nap move ion
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par hold
rum move bul
ser support bul move gre
sev move arm
sil move pru
spa hold
tri move alb
tun move tys
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie hold
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
