PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur support yor move bel
con move bul
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
ser hold
spa hold
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
boh move vie
bre move pic
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move nth
mos support rum move sev
mun move tyr
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
par move bur
por move mid
rum move sev
ser move alb
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move lvn
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move nap
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla hold
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
den support ska move swe
gal move vie
gre hold
hol support bel
ion move nap
lvn move pru
mar hold
mos move lvn
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy support ska move swe
pic move bel
ruh support yor move hol
sev support ukr move rum
ska move swe
smy move aeg
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support alb move tri
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove apu
remove boh
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel support hol
bud move ser
bur move mun
den move hol via convoy
edi move yor
gre move bul
hel convoy den move hol
hol move kie
ion hold
kie support den move hol
lon move nth
lvn move mos
mid hold
mar move pie
nap move tys
nth move ska
nwy move stp/nc
par move bre
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser hold
sev support rum
swe move den
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bel support nth move hol
bla support ank move rum
boh move vie
bre move gas
bul support gre move ser
den hold
gre move ser
hel support hol
hol support kie move ruh
ion hold
kie move ruh
mid move wes
mun hold
nth convoy yor move hol
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
ska support den
stp/nc hold
tri support boh move vie
tyr move ven
tys move tun
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove hel
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support yor move hol
bla support bul move rum
bud support rum
bul move rum
den move hel
gas hold
hol move ruh
ion support nap move tys
kie support hol move ruh
lon move wal
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support ruh
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move hol
ruh support mun
rum support mos move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
sil move boh
ska move den
stp/nc hold
tri support ven move tyr
tun support nap move tys
tyr support mun
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
wes hold
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move gal
tyr move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support ruh
ber support boh move mun
bla support rum
boh move mun
bud support gal move rum
con move bul
den support edi move kie
edi move kie via convoy
gal move rum
hel convoy edi move kie
hol support edi move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol move tys
mun support pie move tyr
nth convoy edi move kie
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
stp/nc hold
tri move bud
tun move naf
tyr move ven
tys support ion move tun
vie support tri move bud
wal move iri
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move nap
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove mos
build Army rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bud support vie
bul move rum
con move bul
den move bal
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move war
gas move spa
hel support hol
hol support kie
iri move mid
kie support hol
lon move eng
naf support tun move wes
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
rom move ven
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev move rum
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bla convoy con move sev
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
con move sev via convoy
eng move bre
hel support kie
hol support nth move bel
kie support bal move ber
gol move wes
mid move por
mun support pie move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nth move bel
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa hold
stp/nc move bar
tun support gol move wes
tyr move pie
tys move nap
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tri
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
tun move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
remove mun
remove pie
remove pru
build Fleet smy
remove tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel move pic
ber hold
bla convoy con move rum
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move rum via convoy
hel move nth
hol move ruh
kie support hol move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos support ukr move war
naf move wes
nap support tun move ion
pic hold
por support bre move mid
ruh move kie
rum move gal
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp hold
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr move war
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
ruh move mun
ser move bul
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bel move pic
ber hold
bla support bul
bre support iri move mid
bul move ser
edi move hol via convoy
eng support iri move mid
gal move bud
gre hold
ion move eas
iri move mid
kie move mun
mos hold
mun move ber
naf move tun
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg hold
pic move bre
pie move tyr
por support iri move mid
ruh support kie move mun
rum support bul move ser
ser support vie move bud
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa move mar
stp hold
tri support ser
vie move bud
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pic
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support lon move pic
ber hold
bla move con
bre support lon move pic
bul support rum move ser
bur support tyr move mun
eas move aeg
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move bud
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
ion support ser move gre
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mar support bur
mun support ruh move bur
naf move tun
nth hold
nrg hold
por support mid move spa
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser move gre
stp hold
tri support vie move bud
tyr move boh
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support eng
ber hold
boh move vie
bre support iri move mid
bud move ser
bul support ser
con move smy
eas move aeg
eng support iri move mid
gal move vie
ion support alb move gre
iri move mid
kie support mun
mun support ruh move bur
nth support bel
nrg support nth
pic move par
por support spa/sc
ruh move bur
ser hold
sil move boh
spa/sc hold
stp hold
tri support bud move ser
tun support ion
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move rum
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gas
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel move eng
ber move bal
boh support mun move tyr
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move iri
gal support rum move bud
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mun hold
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
por support bre move mid
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
wes disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bal move lvn
ber support mun
boh support gal move vie
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur move ruh
eng convoy wal move cly
gal move vie
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion support tun
iri move mid
mid move wes
mar hold
mun hold
naf support tun
nth convoy wal move cly
nrg convoy wal move cly
pie support tyr
por support iri move mid
ser move tri
smy move eas
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp support bal move lvn
tun support naf
tyr support vie
ven support alb move tri
vie support alb move tri
wal move cly via convoy
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army lon
remove pie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move pru
boh support gal move vie
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
cly move tus via convoy
con move gre
eas support aeg move ion
eng convoy cly move tus
gal move vie
gre move alb
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn support stp
gol convoy cly move tus
mid convoy cly move tus
mar move pie
mun move sil
naf hold
nth convoy cly move tus
nrg convoy cly move tus
por support mid
ruh move mun
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa/sc support wes
stp support lvn
tun move ion
tyr support vie
ven move tri
vie hold
wes convoy cly move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg convoy bul move nap
alb support ser move tri
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move mid
ion convoy bul move nap
lon hold
lvn move stp/sc
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mun support ber move sil
naf hold
nth move eng
nrg move nth
pie move ven
por support eng move mid
pru support sil move war
ser move tri
sil move war
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move mos
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support bud move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
