PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move gal
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move gre via convoy
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bul hold
den hold
gal move bud
ion convoy apu move gre
mid move por
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum hold
sil move boh
smy hold
spa hold
tyr move tri
war move ukr
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move tun via convoy
bel move ruh
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bla
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos move stp
nth move den
par move pic
por move mid
rum move bla
sev move arm
sil move boh
smy support ank move con
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
boh move vie
bur support ruh move bel
con move bla
edi move den via convoy
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move boh
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move iri
nth convoy edi move den
pic move wal via convoy
pie move tyr
ruh move bel
rum move bul/ec
ser support ion move gre
sev move arm
smy support ank move arm
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun hold
ukr move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support bla move sev
bel hold
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh support war move gal
bul/ec move bla
bur support bel
edi move lvp
eng support bel
gre move aeg
iri support wal move lvp
kie move hol
lon move eng
mos support sev
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
nwy move swe
rom move tys
ser support ven move tri
sev hold
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tun hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support bur
boh move vie
bre move mid
bul/ec support aeg move con
bur support bel
eng move bel
gal support boh move vie
hol support eng move bel
ion move eas
iri move mid
kie move hol
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos support sev
mun move boh
nth support eng move bel
nwy hold
ser move bud
sev hold
sil support mun move boh
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri support ser move bud
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove edi
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
bre support iri move mid
bud support tri
bul/ec move bla
bur support bel
con support bul/ec move bla
den hold
eas move smy
eng move bel
gal move boh
hol support eng move bel
iri move mid
lvp move edi
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move tys
nth move edi
nwy move nth
par move gas
pie move mar
sev move arm
sil move mun
ska support nwy move nth
stp/nc move nwy
tri support bud
tun hold
ven move tyr
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla convoy sev move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bur move mar
con move ank
den move kie
eng move bel
gas support bur move mar
hol support eng move bel
lvp support nth move cly
gol support mar move spa
mid move wes
mar move spa
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
sev move ank via convoy
sil move ber
ska move nth
smy hold
spa support bur move mar
tri move vie
tun move naf
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
spa move por
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support nth move eng
ber support den move kie
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bud move rum
con move ank
den move kie
eng move lon
gal support boh move vie
hol support kie
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol support tys move wes
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
naf hold
nap move ion
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
por move spa
rom move nap
sev move rum
ska support nth
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
bel move pic
ber support den move kie
bud support tyr move vie
bul/ec support sev move rum
den move kie
edi hold
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move bud
gas move par
hol move ruh
ion convoy nap move gre
lon support bel move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa move gas
mar move bur
naf move spa
nap move gre via convoy
nth move hel
pie move mar
sev move rum
ska move nth
spa move gas
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support gal move bud
wal move bre via convoy
war move sil
wes convoy naf move spa
yor move nth
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bur
remove gas
build Army nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bud move rum
bul/ec support sev move bla
con support gre move bul
edi support ska move nth
eng move bel
gal support rum move bud
gre move bul
hel move hol
ion convoy nap move gre
kie support hel move hol
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa
nap move gre via convoy
par support spa move gas
pic move bel
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move bud
sev move bla
sil support ber move mun
ska move nth
spa move gas
tri support vie
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
war support gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
bul/ec move rum
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
boh move vie
bre move wal via convoy
bud hold
bul support ser move rum
con move bla
edi move yor
eng convoy bre move wal
gal support bud
gas move bre
gre move ser
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lon move wal
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nth support edi move yor
par support gas move bre
pic move eng
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil support boh
spa/sc move por
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
tys move wes
vie move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove pic
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support bla
bla support bul move rum
boh support gal move vie
bre support par move pic
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
bur support bel
eng move iri
gal move vie
gre move bul
hol hold
kie move ruh
lon move wal
mid move iri
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth support yor move lon
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rum hold
ser support vie move bud
sev move bla
sil support boh
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp/nc move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war support gal
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support bud move rum
boh support vie
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con support bla
eng move iri
gal support rum
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
lon hold
mid move por
mun hold
nth support ruh move bel
nwy move nrg
pic support bel
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil support mun
spa/sc support mid move por
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie hold
wal move lvp
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove iri
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support bla
bel move pic
bla convoy bul move ank
boh move tyr
bre move par
bud support tyr move vie
bul move ank via convoy
bur move bel
con support gre move bul
gal support rum
gre move bul
hol support bel
lon support nth move eng
mid move bre
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pic support bur move bel
por support spa/sc move mid
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum hold
ser support bud
sev hold
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
arm move sev
bel support pic move bur
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move tyr
bre support por move mid
bud move gal
bul support ank move rum
con support bla
eng support hol move bel
gal move boh
hol move bel
lon support eng
lvp move cly
mid move iri
mos support sev
mun support boh move tyr
nat move mid
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser support ank move rum
sev hold
tri support vie
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Italy: army/dislodged bel
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
