PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
eng move bre
hol support bur move bel
ion support bul move gre
kie move den
lvp move wal
mid move bre
nth move nwy
pic move bur
rum hold
ser support vie move tri
spa hold
stp move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move bur
ber move bal
bre hold
bul support gre move ser
bur hold
con support bul
den move swe
eng hold
gal move bud
gre move ser
hol move hel
ion move alb
kie move ruh
mid support bre
mun support bel move bur
nth move nwy
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven support mun move tri
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support tyr move tri
ank move con
bal support den move swe
bre hold
bud hold
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
den move swe
eng support nth move bel
gas move par
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
mid support bre
mun move ber
nth move bel
por hold
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev move ukr
sil move ber
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
gre move ion
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ion
ank move con
bal move ber
bot move swe
bul/sc move aeg
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support swe
gal move bud
gre move alb
ion move tun
lon move nth
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy support bot move swe
ruh move hol
sil move ber
swe hold
tri move bud
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wal move lon via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move ber
bel move hol
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
mun move ber
nth support bel move hol
nwy support bot move swe
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sil move ber
tri support tyr move vie
tun hold
tyr move vie
tys support ion move tun
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
rum move bla
swe move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove fin
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move ber
bel move pic
bla move sev
bre hold
bul move rum
con move bla
den move swe
gal move ukr
gre move ion
mid support bre
mar hold
mun support bal move ber
nwy move den
par hold
por move spa
pru support sil move ber
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sil move ber
swe support nwy move den
tri support ser move bud
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move sev
bal move swe
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre move pic
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur move par
den support bal move swe
gal move rum
ion move tys
mid support spa
mar hold
mun hold
nwy hold
par hold
pic support bur move par
pru support sil move ber
rum move gal
sev hold
sil move ber
spa hold
swe hold
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
mun move kie
swe move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove kie
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move sil
bre hold
bur support pic move par
con move bul
den support swe
fin move swe
gal support rum move ukr
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nwy support fin move swe
par move pic
pic move par
pru move war
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev move mos
spa hold
swe hold
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move mos
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bla convoy ank move sev
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support pic move par
den move hel
fin move bot
gal move war
kie hold
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa
mar hold
nwy move stp
par move pic
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support tyr move mun
rum move bud
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa support mar
swe move bal
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
par disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove mid
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber support kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh move sil
bot move swe
bre support gas
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move sev via convoy
gal support ukr move war
gas support spa move mar
hel move den
kie support ber
gol support mar
mos move lvn
mun support ruh move bur
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev move mos
spa move mar
stp move mos
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
war support stp move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel move pic
ber hold
bla move con
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bur support mar move gas
con move bul
den support bal move swe
gal move sil
gas support spa move mar
kie hold
lvn support sev move mos
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/nc
mar move gas
mun support sil move ber
par support bel move pic
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa move mar
stp move mos
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
war hold
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move bre
spa move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove por
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bot support stp
bre hold
bul move rum
bur support gas move par
con move aeg
den support kie
gas move par
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mid move iri
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
par hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move ven
stp hold
swe support den
ukr move war
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
par move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber support kie
bot support stp
bur move pic
gal move war
kie support mun move ruh
lvn support mos move stp
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move ruh
par support bur move pic
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support bel move bur
spa/nc move por
stp hold
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
remove bur
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
ber move kie
bot support stp
den move kie
gas move bre
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
par support gas move bre
pic support gas move bre
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh support kie move hol
rum move gal
sil move pru
stp hold
swe move bal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bel support hol
bot support stp
bre support pic
den move kie
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mos support lvn move stp
naf move mid
pic support bur move bel
por move spa/nc
ruh support bur move bel
stp hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army/dislodged kie
Germany: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
kie move mun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bur move bel
kie support bel move hol
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
nat move nrg
par support bre
pic support bur move bel
ruh move hol
spa/nc move mid
tys move wes
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber support mun move kie
boh move sil
bre move cly via convoy
bur support bel
gal move war
kie support bal move ber
mid convoy bre move cly
mos move stp
mun move kie
nat convoy bre move cly
nrg move edi
par move bre
pic support bel
pru move lvn
ruh support mun move kie
sil move pru
stp move nwy
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel support ruh move hol
bre support pic
cly move lvp
con move aeg
den support bal move swe
edi move yor
kie move den
mid move iri
mos move stp
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nwy move swe
pic support bel
ruh move hol
smy move eas
stp move fin
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber move kie
den support bal move swe
fin move swe
iri support mid move eng
kie move den
mid move eng
nrg move edi
nwy support fin move swe
pic support bel
yor support nrg move edi
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
den move hel
edi move nth
eng move lon
kie support swe move den
swe move den
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
Turkey: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
hel hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove hel
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
