PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move con
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
kie move hol
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
pie move tyr
spa move por
tus move pie
tys move tun
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bar support nwy move stp
bel support bre move eng
ber move bal
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nth
kie move mun
mar move gas
mos support stp
mun move boh
nth move ska
nwy move stp
par move pic
pie move tyr
por move spa
rum hold
ser move alb
smy move eas
stp hold
swe hold
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus move pie
ukr move gal
ven support pie move tyr
vie support bud
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
bal move swe
bar support nwy move stp
bel move eng
boh move sil
bud hold
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eas move ion
eng move mid
hol hold
ion move adr
mos move lvn
mun hold
nwy move stp
pic move bur
pie move ven
ser hold
ska support bal move swe
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move mos
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove rum
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
bar support stp
ber move pru
bot support lvn move stp
bre move eng
bul hold
eas hold
eng move mid
gas move mar
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion move adr
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move eng
ser move bud
sil move war
ska move nth
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe hold
tri support ser move bud
tyr move vie
ven support tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
boh move gal
bot move fin
bre move mid
bur move mar
den support swe
ion move tun
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support war
pru support sil move war
ruh move mun
sil move war
spa move tun
stp support bot move fin
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move pie
war hold
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army/dislodged fin
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bre move mid
bur move mar
den move bal
fin support stp
gal move rum
ion move tun
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
pru move war
rom move tys
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
ska move nwy
stp hold
swe hold
tri support vie
ven move pie
vie support tri
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
fin hold
ion support tys
gol support wes
mar move pie
mos support war
sev move rum
spa move naf
stp hold
tri support vie
tun support tys
tys support tun
ven move pie
vie support tri
war hold
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
fin hold
gal move ukr
ion move tys
mos support war
mun move boh
pru support sil move war
rum move gal
sil move war
stp hold
tys move tus
ven move pie
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move gal
bot move fin
fin hold
gal move rum
mos move sev
nwy support bar move stp/sc
pru support sil move war
sil move war
stp support fin
swe support bot move fin
tri support vie
tun hold
tus move gol
tys support tun
ukr support sil move war
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mun
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bot move fin
bur move gas
gal hold
gol support mar move pie
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
naf move tun
nth move nrg
nwy support bar move stp/nc
pie hold
pru move lvn
swe support bot move fin
tun hold
tus move gol
tys support tun
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move lvp
fin move swe
gal move rum
gas move spa
lvn move mos
gol move pie
mar support gol move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pie move mar
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc hold
swe move ska
tun move naf
tus move gol
tys move wes
ukr support mos move sev
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move ven
sev disband
tun move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army mun
remove vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bre move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gas move spa
lvp move wal
mos move ukr
mun hold
naf move tun
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
pie support spa/sc move gol
rum move sev
sev support ukr move rum
ska move nth
spa/sc move gol
tun move ion
tus support ven move pie
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move pie
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal support vie move bud
gol move pie
mid move wes
mar support gol move pie
naf support tun
nth move eng
rum support vie move bud
sev move arm
sil move boh
spa hold
tun support mid move wes
tus support wes move gol
tys move tun
ukr move sev
vie move bud
wes support tus move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
arm move syr
ber move sil
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul move rum
eas move smy
eng move iri
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
kie move ruh
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move eng
nrg move nat
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
swe move ska
tri support bud move ser
tus move pie
tys move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move ser
ank support smy
arm support syr move smy
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bul support alb move ser
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move bud
gre move ion
iri support eng
lon move pic
mid move wes
mar move pie
naf support tun
nat move mid
nap move ion
pie move gol
ruh move bel
rum support ser
ser hold
sil move boh
ska move nth
smy hold
syr move smy
tri hold
tun support mid move wes
tus move pie
tys support nap move ion
ukr move sev
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove naf
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy
arm move smy
bel move pic
boh move tyr
bre support iri move eng
bud move ser
bul hold
eas move syr
eng move bre
gre support bul
ion move tun
iri hold
kie move hol
gol move mar
mar move bur
mun move bur
nat support eng move mid
nth move eng
pic move par
rum move bul
ser move alb
sev move arm
smy support eas move syr
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
syr support arm move smy
tri move ven
tun support wes
tus support ven move pie
tyr move pie
tys support ion
ven move pie
wes support tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support smy
arm support syr move smy
boh move mun
bul hold
eas move ion
eng support par move bre
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri support nat move mid
mun move bur
nat move mid
nwy move nrg
par hold
pic support par move bre
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
smy hold
syr move smy
tus move gol
tys support tus move gol
ven move tus
wal move bre
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army kie
build Army lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy
arm move smy
bre move mid
bul hold
bur move mar
eas move aeg
eng convoy wal move bre
gas support mar
gre support ser move bul
ion move tun
iri convoy wal move por
kie move mun
lon move bre
gol convoy tus move spa
mid convoy wal move por
mun move tyr
nrg move nat
par support lon move bre
pic support wal move bre
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy hold
syr support arm move smy
tun support eas move ion
tus move spa
tyr move tri
tys support ion move tun
wal move por
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank support smy
arm support syr move smy
bel move eng
bul move con
bur move gas
con move bul
eng move bre
gas move bur
gre support bul
iri hold
lon move wal
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar support gas move bur
mun move tyr
nat move mid
par support pic move bre
pic support eng move bre
pie move tyr
por support mid move spa/sc
rum support bul
sev move ukr
smy hold
syr move smy
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys move tun
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support smy
arm support syr move smy
ber move sil
bre move gas
bul move ser
eng move bre
gre hold
ion support aeg move gre
kie move ruh
mun move tyr
nth move bel
par move gas
pic move bur
pie move tyr
por move spa
rum move ser
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
syr move smy
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank support smy
arm move ank
bre support bur move gas
bul move ser
bur move gas
gre hold
ion move adr
mun support vie move tyr
por move spa
ruh move bur
rum support alb move ser
sil move boh
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
syr move smy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank support smy
arm move sev
ber move sil
boh move vie
bul hold
bur support gas move mar
con move bla
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre support bul
ion move tun
kie move ruh
mun move tyr
pie move tyr
rum hold
ser hold
smy hold
syr move arm
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Germany: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
alb move gre
ank hold
arm support sev
bla move rum
bud support vie move tri
bul support bla move rum
bur support mar
gre hold
iri convoy wal move naf
lvp move wal
mid convoy wal move naf
mar hold
mun move tyr
pie move ven
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
sil move boh
smy hold
tri support pie move ven
tun move tys
ven hold
vie move tri
wal move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move aeg
tri move alb
ven move rom
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
