PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move vie
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh move sil
bot move lvn
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
gal move bud
ion hold
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru move lvn
rum hold
spa move por
tri support gal move bud
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie move boh
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bel move ruh
bla move con
bot support mos move lvn
bre move gas
bud support ven move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nth
hol support bel move ruh
ion hold
kie move den
lon hold
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nth move hel
nwy support edi move nth
par move bur
por move spa
pru move war
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser support bul move gre
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
tri move vie
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
boh move vie
bot move bal
bud support boh move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
gas move spa
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tun
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move pru
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
ser move tri
sev move rum
spa move tun via convoy
stp hold
swe move ska
tri support bud move ser
tys support ion move tun
war move sil
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
remove vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal support den move swe
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre move alb
hel support lon move den
hol support kie
kie support lon move den
lon move den via convoy
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
pru move war
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil move mun
ska support stp move nwy
spa move tus via convoy
stp move nwy
swe support lon move den
tri support gal move bud
tun move naf
tys support nap move ion
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser move tri
bal move kie
ber support sil move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
eas move ion
gal support tri move vie
hel support kie move den
hol move kie
kie move den
gol move tys
naf move mid
nap move rom
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pie move ven
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil move mun
ska move nth
spa hold
swe move den
tri move vie
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys move tun
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
remove vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move apu
bal convoy swe move pru
bud move vie
bul move ser
den move swe
gal move ukr
hel move den
hol support kie
ion support wes move tun
kie support ruh move mun
gol move tys
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil move ber
ska move nth
stp/sc hold
swe move pru via convoy
tri move vie
tus move rom
tyr support ruh move mun
tys move wes
ven support tus move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move apu
bal support ska move swe
bre hold
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move par
den support swe
hol move kie
ion convoy alb move apu
kie move ber
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support ska move swe
pru move war
rom support tys move nap
rum move sev
ser support tri
ska move swe
smy move eas
stp/sc hold
swe support nth move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
nwy move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mar
remove pru
remove ska
remove ukr
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move ven
bal support sil move ber
ber support kie
bre move gas
den move bal
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move stp
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos support fin move stp
mun support mar move bur
nap support tun move ion
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move nth
par move bur
rom support nap
sil move ber
spa move gas
stp/sc support swe move fin
swe move fin
tri support apu move ven
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move nap
bal move ber
ber support kie
boh move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bre hold
bur support spa move gas
den move swe
eas move ion
eng move bre
fin support nwy move stp
kie support ber
mos support stp
mun hold
nap support rom
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
rom support ven
ser support tri
sil support bal move ber
spa move gas
stp hold
tun move wes
tyr move vie
tys support apu move nap
ven support rom
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
remove sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move bot
bar support fin move stp
ber move pru
boh move gal
bot support stp move lvn
bre move mid
bur move pic
den move kie
eng support bur move pic
fin move stp
gas support mun move bur
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mar move gol
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth move den
par move pic
rom move nap
ser support tri
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri move ven
tys support nap move rom
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
France: army/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move ven
tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
bar support fin move stp
ber support pru
bot support stp move lvn
bur support gas move par
den move bal
eng move pic
fin move stp
gal move bud
gas move par
gre move apu
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move mun
lvn support bal move pru
gol support wes
mid move por
mos move stp
par move bre
pic move bre
pru support stp move lvn
ser move tri
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri support vie move bud
tun support tys
tyr support ser move tri
tys support tun
ven support tri
vie move bud
war support bal move pru
wes support gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
remove pic
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bar move nrg
ber support pru
bot support swe move bal
bur move mar
con move bul
den support swe move bal
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move vie
ion support tys
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move war
gol support wes
mos move stp
mun move kie
par move bre
por move spa/sc
pru support lvn move war
rom support apu move ven
ser move tri
sev move ukr
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri move bud
tun move wes
tyr support ser move tri
tys support tun move wes
ven hold
vie move gal
war hold
wes support gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal disband
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move den
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bot move bal
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
den move nth
eng move mid
gal support ukr move war
ion move tun
kie move mun
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support ukr move war
nrg move nat
pru support war
rom move tus
spa/sc move mar
stp move mos
tri support tyr move vie
tun move wes
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys support tun move wes
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
tri move alb
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal hold
bud move vie
con move bul
den hold
gal move rum
lon move hol
gol support naf move wes
mid support spa move por
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nat support mid
nth convoy lon move hol
por move spa/nc
pru move war
rom support ven
ruh move mun
ser move bud
sil support war move gal
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move mos
tri support bud move vie
tun support wes
tus move pie
tys support wes
ukr support gal move rum
ven support alb move tri
vie support ser move bud
war move gal
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move lvn
bre move gas
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
den move nth
gal move ukr
hol move ruh
ion move alb
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mos move war
mun support tyr
naf move wes
nat move iri
nth move eng
pie move ven
rom support ven
rum move gal
ser move tri
sil move boh
stp move mos
tri support bul move ser
tun support wes
tyr support pie move ven
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie support rum move gal
war support stp move mos
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
France: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move sil
mos move sev
ser move rum
ven move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gal
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
boh move vie
bud move gal
con move bul
eng support iri move mid
gas move mar
gre move ion
iri move mid
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move bal
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move boh
naf support mid move wes
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support mos move sev
ser support sev move rum
sev support ser move rum
sil move gal
spa/sc support mar move gol
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tus support rom move ven
tyr support boh move vie
vie support tri move tyr
war move ukr
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tys
sev disband
ven move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move nap
boh support tyr move vie
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
eng support mid
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
iri support mid
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf support spa/sc move wes
nth support eng
por move gas
ruh move mun
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil move gal
spa/sc move wes
tri support vie
tun support wes
tus support ven
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr support sil move gal
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army lon
build Army smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
apu move nap
bal move den
boh move vie
bud move gal
eng support mid
gal support boh move vie
hol move ruh
iri support mid
lon move hol via convoy
gol move tys
mid support wes
mar move pie
mun move sil
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move hol
pie move tus
por move spa
ruh move mun
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy move arm
tri support vie
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr move tri
tys support tun
ukr move rum
ven support tus move pie
vie support bud move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bud move gal
den hold
eng hold
gal move rum
hol move ruh
ion support tys
iri move mid
gol support wes move tys
mid move naf
mun move sil
nap support tys
nth hold
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
sil move war
spa move gas
tri support vie
tun support wes move tys
tyr move vie
tys support ion
ukr support sev
ven support pie move tyr
vie support bud move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
England: army/dislodged sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
sev move mos
tys move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
boh support gal move vie
den move nth
eng move mid
gal move vie
gas move mar
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support mid move wes
nth move eng
par move bur
rom move nap
ruh hold
sil support boh
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
England: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
England: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support vie
bre move gas
eng move bre
gal move bud
ion move gre
gol support pie move tus
mid support eng move bre
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth support ruh move bel
pie move tus
rom support tys move nap
ruh move bel
sil support boh
tys move nap
ukr move rum
vie support gal move bud
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
England: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
