PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank hold
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul hold
con hold
edi move nwy
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
nth convoy edi move nwy
ruh move bel
rum support sev
ser hold
sev support rum
tus move pie
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel support mun move bur
ber move mun
bre move eng
den hold
gas move spa
hol move nth
kie move bal
lon move eng
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
pic move bur
rum support sev
ser support alb move tri
sev support rum
tyr move ven
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel hold
bre move eng
bur move mar
den support bal move swe
gal move vie
hol move nth
lon move eng
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth support lon move eng
nwy support swe
pic move bur
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move bla
ser move bud
sev move rum
spa hold
stp move lvn
swe support nwy
tri support ven
tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel move pic
bla hold
bre move mid
bur support bel move pic
den support bal move swe
gal move bud
hol move nth
ion move gre
lon move nth
lvn move pru
lvp move iri
nth move den
nwy support swe
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum support gal move bud
spa hold
swe support nth move den
tri move alb
tyr support bud move vie
tys move rom
ven move tri
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
pic move par
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move ber
bla move rum
bud support rum move ser
bur move par
den move swe
hol move nth
iri move eng
lon move nth
mid move iri
nth move bel
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support bur move par
pru move ber
rum move ser
ser support alb move gre
sil support pru move ber
spa move mar
swe support nth move den
tri move vie
tyr move ven
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par move bre
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal support den move kie
bel move eng
ber support sil move mun
bud move tri
den move kie
eng move mid
hol support den move kie
iri move eng
lon move nth
mar move spa
mos move sev
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rum move bla
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa move por
swe support nwy
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move ber
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla support rum move bul
bur support pic move bel
hol support kie
iri move mid
kie support tyr move mun
mid move bre
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy nwy move den
nwy move den
pic move bel
por move spa
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy move den
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army lon
build Army nap
remove por
build Army sev
build Army stp
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
bal move ber
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support bul move con
bot move bal
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
eng support bre move mid
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
kie support bal move ber
lon move nwy
lvp move iri
mun support ber move kie
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move nwy
rom move tus
ser move bul
sev move arm
stp move lvn
swe support bot move bal
tri move ven
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move ank
bal support pru move ber
bel move hol
ber move bal
bla support arm move ank
bur move mun
con support syr move smy
den move swe
eng move nth
gre move bul/sc
iri move mid
kie support ber
lvn move pru
mid move por
mun move ruh
nth move den
nwy support den move swe
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
syr move smy
tri hold
tus move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
swe move bot
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support rom move ven
bal support bot move swe
ber move mun
bla move con
boh support ber move mun
bot move swe
con move bul
den move bal
edi move nrg
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
kie move ber
lvp move iri
mid move eng
mun support kie move ber
nth move ska
nwy support swe
pie move tus
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support mun
ser move alb
sil support ber move mun
spa move por
stp move fin
tri support ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
apu support rom move ven
bal support pru move ber
bla support con move bul
boh support ven move tyr
bot support fin move stp
con move bul
den move bal
eng move mid
fin move stp
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
iri move eng
kie move mun
mid move spa/sc
mun hold
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
ska support swe
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bul move gre
arm move sev
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move mun
bot move swe
bul move gre
den support kie
eng move nth
gre move aeg
hol support kie
kie support ruh move mun
mid move por
mun move bur
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sil support boh move mun
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tri support tyr
tus move gol
tyr support tri
ven move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
apu support ven
bal support ber move kie
bar support fin move stp
ber move kie
bot support nwy move stp
bur support mun move ruh
con move aeg
den support kie
fin move stp
gre move bul
hol support kie
kie support ruh move mun
gol move mar
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move mar
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil move mun
ska support nth move nwy
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe support nth move nwy
tri support tyr
tus move pie
tyr support tri
ven support tus move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move bel
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army lon
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support mun move kie
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
bot support stp
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move bal
fin support swe move nwy
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie hold
gol support pie move mar
mar move bur
mos support stp
mun move kie
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh support bur move bel
sev move bla
ska support nwy move swe
swe move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move bul
alb move tri
bal support ber move kie
bar support fin move stp
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move con
bot support stp move fin
bur move ruh
den support kie
fin move stp
hol support pic move bel
ion move gre
kie support bur move ruh
lvn support mos move stp
gol move pie
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nwy support fin move stp
pic move bel
ruh support bel move hol
ska support swe
smy move bul
stp move fin
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal support kie move den
bel support hol
bot support mos move stp
bul move ser
bur support bel
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
hol support den move kie
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move bre
lvn support mos move stp
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move kie
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
ska support den
swe move fin
tri move ven
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ven move apu
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move rom
bal move swe
bar support fin move stp
bel support hol
bot support stp
bre move pic
bur support bel
eas move ion
eng move nth
fin move stp
hol support den move kie
ion move nap
kie support mun
lvn support stp
mun support ruh
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move gol
pru move ber
ruh support kie
ser move tri
ska support den
tri move ven
tus move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
