PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move den
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support nap move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bel
gal move vie
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move hol
nap move gre via convoy
par move bur
pie move mar
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
bel move eng
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
gre move bul
hol support bur move bel
ion move eas
kie move den
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nap hold
par move bur
rom move tys
ser hold
smy move aeg
spa move mar
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ank move con
bel move pic
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move smy
den move swe
eas support ion move aeg
eng support nth move lon
gal move war
gas move mar
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
mar move gas
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move eng
par hold
ser support bud move rum
spa support gas move mar
tys move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank move arm
bel move pic
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move gas
con move bla
eas move smy
eng move bre
gre move bul
ion move tys
mar hold
mun move bur
nth move eng
par hold
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
smy support bul move con
spa move por
swe move nwy
tun move wes
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con move smy
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
bul hold
bur move par
con move smy
eng move iri
gal move war
gas support pie move mar
mar move gas
mos support rum move sev
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
par support mar move gas
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
por move spa
rum move sev
ser move rum
smy support aeg move con
tys move gol
vie move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mar move bur
par move bre
smy move aeg
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
remove iri
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove spa
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move con
bel support pic move bur
bre support bur move par
bur move par
con move bla
gas move bre
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mar support gol move spa
mos support rum move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
par support gas move bre
pic move bur
rom move nap
rum move sev
ser move rum
smy support ank move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla move ank
bre move pic
bul move con
bur move bel
con support smy move ank
den move kie
eas convoy nap move syr
gas move bre
ion convoy nap move syr
mid move por
mun move ruh
nap move syr via convoy
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
ruh move kie
smy move ank
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
remove pic
remove ruh
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla support bul move con
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move con
con support ank
den move nth
eas support syr move smy
eng hold
gal move boh
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move bal
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun move sil
nap move tys
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
por support spa/sc move mid
rum move gal
sev move mos
smy support con
spa/sc move mid
syr move smy
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
bal move lvn
bla support con
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
con support syr move smy
eas support syr move smy
eng move lon
gal move sil
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid move iri
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nth support eng move lon
pic move bel
por move mid
pru move war
ruh move kie
ser move gre
smy move con
stp/nc hold
syr move smy
tun move wes
tyr move mun
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy disband
stp/nc move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bla support con move ank
boh support sil move mun
bud move rum
bur support mun
con support smy move ank
eas move aeg
gre move bul
iri convoy rom move wal
kie support mun
lon move yor
lvn move bot
mid convoy rom move wal
mos move stp
mun hold
nth move nrg
nwy move stp/nc
pru move war
rom move wal via convoy
sil move mun
smy move ank
stp move fin
tyr support sil move mun
tys convoy rom move wal
vie move gal
war hold
wes convoy rom move wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank support con
ber hold
boh support sil
bot move swe
bur support mun
con support ank
fin move swe
gal move war
iri support wal move lvp
kie support ber
mid hold
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nrg support yor move edi
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sil support gal move war
wal move lvp
war move lvn
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support con
ber hold
boh move mun
bot move swe
bur support mun
edi hold
fin support mos move stp
iri move eng
kie support ber
lvn move pru
lvp move yor
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun hold
nrg move bar
nwy support bot move swe
pru hold
rom move spa via convoy
ruh support mun
sil move ber
tyr support boh move mun
tys convoy rom move spa
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war support lvn move pru
wes convoy rom move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
