PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move tri
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
ank move con
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move ruh
gal support sev move rum
ion move adr
kie move hol
mar move spa
mun support pie move tyr
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
pie move tyr
sev move rum
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
ven move tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
remove tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
ank move con
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud hold
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
den move ska
gal support rum
ion move apu
kie move hel
lon move nth
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
ruh support bel move hol
rum support sev move bla
sev move bla
spa move gas
tri move apu via convoy
ukr move sev
ven support tri move apu
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move rom
arm move ank
bar support stp
bla move con
bud move ser
bul/sc support con
bur move mun
con support arm move ank
gal move war
gas move bur
gre support bul/sc
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie support mun move ruh
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
pic move bel
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul/ec
ska move den
stp hold
swe move nwy
ukr move sev
ven support apu move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove den
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
remove rum
build Army smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu support rom move nap
bar move stp/nc
bel support hol
bla support sev move arm
bre move mid
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con move bul
gre support con move bul
hel support kie move hol
hol support mun move kie
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move spa/sc
mos support war move lvn
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth move den
nwy support bar move stp
rom move nap
ruh support mun move kie
ser hold
sev move arm
smy move ank
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri move adr
tun move wes
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ion
ank support smy
apu move ion
arm move ank
bar support stp
bel move nth
bla support arm move ank
bot support lvn move stp
bud move vie
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
den support nth move hel
gre move alb
hol support bel move nth
kie move den
lvn move stp
mid move eng
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
nap hold
nth move hel
nwy support stp
ruh move mun
ser support tri move alb
smy support ank
spa/sc move por
tri move alb
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre
alb support ser
ank support smy move arm
arm move smy
bar support stp
bla move rum
bot support lvn move stp
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move rum
den support nwy move nth
eng move bel
gre hold
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie support nth move den
lon support nwy move nth
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mar support por move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth move den
nwy move nth
par move pic
por move spa/sc
ser support bud move rum
smy move arm
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
den move swe
stp move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move ven
arm move smy
bar support fin move stp
bel move nth
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
den support bot move swe
edi move den via convoy
eng support bel move nth
fin move stp
gre hold
hol support bel move nth
ion support alb move gre
kie support den
lon support nth
gol move tys
mar move gol
mos support stp
nth convoy edi move den
pic move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp hold
swe support edi move den
tun support ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
swe move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ser move gre
bar move nwy
bel move lon via convoy
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den move bal
eng support bel move lon
fin move stp
gre support bul move ser
hol move hel
ion move aeg
kie move den
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos support stp
nth convoy bel move lon
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
stp support swe move fin
swe move fin
tri move adr
tun move tys
ven move rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move yor
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
alb move ser
bal support den move swe
bla move sev
bud support ukr move rum
bul support rum
con support bul
den move swe
eng support hel move nth
fin move swe
gre support alb move ser
hel move nth
ion support gre
gol move tys
mid move naf
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth move nrg
nwy move nrg
rum hold
sil move boh
smy hold
stp move mos
tys move tun
ukr move rum
vie move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move nap
bal support swe
boh move vie
bud support gal move vie
bul support gre
con support bul
eng support hel move nth
fin support mos move stp
gal move vie
gre hold
hel move nth
ion support tun move tys
lon move yor
mar move pie
mos move stp
naf support tys move tun
nth move nwy
par move bur
rom move ven
rum support ukr move gal
ser move tri
sev support rum
smy hold
swe support nth move nwy
tun move tys
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr move gal
war move sil
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal move ber
boh move tyr
bud support ser move tri
bul support ser
bur move mun
con hold
edi support yor
eng support nth
fin move swe
gal move boh
gre move ser
ion move tys
lon move yor
naf move mid
nap support ion move tys
nth support nwy
nrg support edi
nwy support nth
pie support tyr move ven
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil support gal move boh
smy hold
stp support nrg move nwy
swe support nwy
tun support wes move tys
tyr move ven
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
wes move tys
yor support edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mar
remove nrg
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ber move bal
boh support sil move mun
bre move bel via convoy
bud move vie
bul move rum
con hold
edi support yor
eng convoy bre move bel
fin move bot
gal move sil
ion move nap
lon move wal
mid move nat
mar move pie
mun move ber
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tus
ser support bul move rum
sil move mun
smy hold
stp move fin
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
tun support wes move tys
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes move tys
yor support edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support swe
bel move ruh
ber move mun
boh support vie move tyr
bot move stp/sc
bur support ber move mun
con hold
den move kie
edi support yor
eng move lon
fin move stp
ion move tys
mun support sil move ber
nat support wal move lvp
nap support ion move tys
nwy move stp/nc
pie support ven
rum move bul
ser support tri
sil move ber
smy hold
tri support tyr move ven
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
yor support edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove ser
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal move bot
ber move mun
boh support vie move tyr
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul hold
bur support mun
con hold
edi support smy move lvp
fin support stp/nc move nwy
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nwy move stp/nc
pie support ven
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil support ber move mun
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support bal move bot
tri support tyr move ven
tun support tys
tyr move ven
tys support rom move nap
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move stp/sc
nap move apu
nwy move ska
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ion move nap
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot move fin
bul hold
bur support mun
con hold
edi hold
eng move nth
fin support nwy move swe
ion move nap
kie support mun
lvp support nth move edi
gol hold
mun hold
nap hold
nth move edi
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy move swe
pie support ven
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
ska move nwy
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
swe support ska move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support nap
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
nwy move bar
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
