PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move sil
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
den hold
eng move wal
gal move vie
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
pic support bur move bel
rum hold
ser move alb
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy move con
tri move adr
tyr hold
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army stp
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bre hold
con move bul
den move hel
eng move bre
gre move ser
kie move hol
lon support eng
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nwy move nth
pic support bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bla
sev move rum
smy move con
spa move por
stp move fin
swe hold
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move bur
bla hold
bre support pic move eng
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
eng support nth
fin move nwy
gal move sil
hel support hol
hol support lon move bel
lon support nth
mar support bel move bur
nth move bel
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser move tri
swe support fin move nwy
ukr move gal
vie move boh
wal support lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army mun
remove por
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber hold
bla hold
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud move vie
bur move gas
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal move boh
hel move den
hol move kie
lon support eng
mar support bur move gas
mun hold
nwy move swe
par move gas
pic support bre
ruh support mun
sil support war move pru
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
ber hold
bla hold
boh move mun
bre hold
bul move ser
den support kie
eas move aeg
eng hold
gas move par
kie support ber
lon move nth
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nwy move nth
par support eng move bre
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh move bel
ser move bud
sil support boh move mun
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove par
build Army smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move mun
bre hold
bud move tri
bur support ber move mun
con move aeg
den support kie
eng convoy wal move bel
gas move par
ion move tys
kie support ber move mun
lon support eng
mid move por
pic support bre
ruh support ber move mun
ser move bud
smy move con
spa hold
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bre support pic move eng
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
eng convoy wal move bel
ion move tun
kie support mun
lon move eng
mun hold
par hold
pic move eng
ruh move bel
ser move tri
spa move mar
tri move tyr
tys move gol
wal move bel via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur support mun
den move ska
eng move lon
gal move boh
iri move eng
kie move den
lon support iri move eng
gol move spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
par hold
por support gol move spa
ser move bud
smy move con
spa move mar
tri move tyr
tun move wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bre hold
bur support bel
den move swe
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move por
mar hold
mun hold
par hold
por hold
ska support den move swe
wal move yor
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove mid
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move hol
ber move mun
bre hold
bud move vie
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
gal move war
ion move nap
mar hold
mun move tyr
par hold
por move mid
rum move ser
ska support den move nth
smy move con
swe move fin
tri move ven
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move lon
bre move eng
bul move ser
con move rum
eng support hel move nth
fin move stp
hel move nth
hol move edi via convoy
ion move tys
lon move yor
gol move mar
mid move bre
mar hold
mun move kie
nth convoy hol move edi
par move bre
ser move bud
ska move den
spa/sc support gol move mar
tyr hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Turkey: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bur
remove mid
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move lon via convoy
ber move sil
bre hold
bud move vie
con move bul
den support nth
edi move lvp
eng move nth
hel support eng move nth
kie move ber
mun support ber move sil
nth convoy bel move lon
par move gas
ser move tri
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move sil
boh move mun
bre move eng
bul move ser
den support nth
edi move lvp
eng move bel
gas move mar
hel move hol
lon hold
lvn support sil move war
mun support ber move sil
nth support lon
pie support gas move mar
sil move war
spa/sc move por
tri move ven
tyr move pie
tys move rom
vie move tyr
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol move nth
boh move sil
con move bul
den move hel
eng move bel
gas move mar
hol move nth
ion move nap
kie support mun
lon hold
lvn move mos
lvp move edi
mun support pie move tyr
nth support den move hel
pie move tyr
ser move bud
sil support war move gal
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel support hol move nth
bul move rum
edi hold
eng move bel
gal support tyr move vie
gas move spa
hel support kie move hol
hol move nth
ion move adr
kie move hol
lon hold
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth support eng move bel
por move mid
sil support mun move boh
smy move aeg
tyr move vie
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Turkey: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move sil
boh support mun move tyr
bre move mid
edi move bel via convoy
eng move bel
gal support vie move bud
hol hold
kie move mun
lon hold
mid move iri
mar move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move bel
sev move rum
sil move war
spa move mar
tys move rom
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
boh move vie
bud support gal move rum
edi move lvp
eng hold
gal move rum
hel support nth
hol move bel
iri move lvp
lon hold
mid move por
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
rum move bud
sev support gal move rum
sil move gal
spa move mar
tri move vie
tyr support boh move vie
tys move rom
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army par
remove pic
build Army smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla move rum
bud move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move lvp
eng move pic
gal move bud
hel move nth
ion move nap
iri move wal
kie move hol
lon hold
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rum support bud move ser
sev support rum
smy move con
spa move gas
tri move ser
tyr move tri
tys move rom
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ion move nap
bla support bul move rum
bud support rum move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move pic
gal move rum
gas support spa/sc move mar
ion move nap
mos support sev
par move bur
rum move ser
sev support gal move rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move mar
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support ion move nap
vie support tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mar
Turkey: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
