PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre support par move pic
bud move ser
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
boh move vie
bot move bal
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
kie move hol
lvn move pru
nth move eng
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bul/ec
ser move gre
sil move ber
smy move arm
spa hold
tri hold
tyr move vie
tys move tun
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move den
bel support par move bur
ber hold
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
gre move bul
hol hold
kie move ber
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap move apu
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par move bur
pru support ber
rum move sev
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move ven
arm move sev
bal support ber
bar support nwy move stp
ber support bur move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bot support mos move stp
bur move mun
eng move nth
gre hold
hol move kie
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth move den
nwy move stp
por hold
pru move sil
rum move sev
ser hold
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet nap
remove rum
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move arm
apu move ven
bal support ber
bar support nwy move stp
ber support bur move mun
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bre support spa/sc move mid
bul support sev move rum
bur move mun
con support bul
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
mar move bur
mos hold
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move stp
ser support adr move tri
sev move rum
sil support bur move mun
spa/sc move mid
swe move bal
tri move bud
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
apu move adr
arm move smy
bal support bot move swe
bar support stp
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move sev
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul support gre
bur support bel
con move smy
eng move nth
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie support ruh move mun
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
ruh move mun
rum support bul
ser move bud
sil support mun
swe move bal
tri hold
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe disband
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
remove ruh
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bal move den
bar move nwy
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bud support tri move ser
bul support gre
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move swe
gre move bul
hol support kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nth support lon move eng
par move bur
rum support ser
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
smy move eas
stp move fin
swe support bal move den
tri move ser
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bla move con
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
bur move pic
den support ber move kie
eas move aeg
fin move swe
gal move war
gre support ion move aeg
hol move bel
ion move aeg
iri support eng
kie move ruh
mid support bre move eng
mun move kie
nth support ska move den
nwy support fin move swe
por move spa
ruh move hol
rum support bul
ser hold
sev move mos
ska move den
smy move ank
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Army nap
remove nrg
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move arm
bal support ber move kie
bel support par move bur
ber move kie
bre support mid
bud move gal
bul move gre
con support smy move aeg
den move swe
eas support smy move aeg
gre support aeg
hol support mun move kie
ion support aeg move eas
iri support eng
mid hold
mun move kie
nap move apu
nth support swe move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh move mun
rum support ser
ser hold
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
eas move smy
nwy move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support tri move ser
apu move ven
arm move sev
bal support ber move kie
bel support gas move bur
ber move kie
bre support mid
bul support ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
eas support gre move aeg
gal support vie move bud
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion support gre move aeg
iri support eng
mid hold
mun move sil
nth move den
nwy move stp
pic support bel
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
ska move nth
smy support aeg move eas
swe move nwy
tri move ser
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
eas move syr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove nth
remove ruh
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support tri move ser
bal move ber
bel move ruh
bre support mid
bud support tri move ser
bul support rum
bur move mun
con support smy
den move bal
eas move syr
gal move rum
gas move bur
hol support bel move ruh
ion support aeg move eas
iri support eng
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move nat
mid hold
mos support sev move ukr
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move gre
sev move ukr
sil move ber
smy support eas move syr
stp move lvn
syr support aeg move eas
tri move ser
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
bal support kie move ber
bel hold
bre support mid
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
bur support bel
con move aeg
den support kie
eas move aeg
gal move rum
gre move ser
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
iri support eng
kie move ber
lvn support mos move war
mid hold
mos move war
mun support sil move ber
nat support iri
nth move hel
ruh move kie
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sil move ber
smy support syr move eas
swe support den
syr move eas
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
eas move ion
rum move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
bal move bot
bre support mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move par
con support smy move aeg
den support swe move bal
eas support smy move aeg
eng support nat move mid
gal support bul move rum
gre support rum move bul
hel support den
hol support kie
ion move aeg
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lvn move mos
mid hold
mar move spa/sc
mun support sil move ber
nat move mid
nap move tys
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bul move rum
sil move ber
smy move aeg
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
mid move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
ber hold
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bul move con
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eas move ion
eng support mid
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
ion support gre move aeg
iri support mid
kie hold
lvn move stp
mid hold
mun support ber
par support bre
por support spa/sc move mid
rum support gal move ukr
ser support bul
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc move mid
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
ber support kie
boh move sil
bre support por move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con support rum move bul
eas support aeg move ion
eng support mid
gre support ion move aeg
hel move nth
hol support kie
ion move aeg
iri support mid
kie hold
lvn move pru
mun support kie
par support bre
por move mid
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc support por move mid
swe move bal
ukr support bud move rum
vie move gal
war move mos
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
mid move nat
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ion move gre
bal support pru move ber
bel hold
ber hold
bre support mid
bud move rum
bul support sev move rum
con support bul
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
eng support nth move bel
gal support sil move war
gre move bul/sc
hol support kie
iri support eng
kie hold
mid hold
mos move sev
mun support ber
nat move mid
nth move bel
par move pic
pru move ber
rum move sev
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid
ukr support rum move sev
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ion move tun
sev move arm
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Fleet lon
remove mos
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb support gre
arm move sev
bal move ber
ber hold
bre support mid
bul support ion move gre
con support bul
den move kie
eng support bel
gal move vie
gre support ser move bul
hol support pic move bel
ion move gre
iri support nat move mid
kie support ber
lon support eng
mid hold
mar move spa/sc
mun support ber
nat move mid
nap support tys move ion
pic move bel
pru support bal move ber
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa/sc move por
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move tri
arm move sev
bal support den move kie
ber hold
bre support mid
con support bul
den move kie
eas support aeg
eng support bel
gre support ser move bul
hol support kie
ion move aeg
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lon support eng
mid convoy pic move wal
mos hold
mun support ber
nat move mid
nap move tys
pic move wal
por support mid
pru move ber
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
spa/sc support mid
tun move wes
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal support pru move ber
bel hold
ber hold
boh support war move sil
bre support por move mid
bul move ser
con move ank
den move kie
eas move aeg
eng support bel
gre move bul/sc
hol support kie
ion move gre
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lon support eng
mid move gas
mos move war
mun support ber
nat move mid
nap move ion
por move mid
pru move ber
rum support gre move bul
sev move arm
spa/sc support por move mid
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
war move sil
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
arm move ank
bal support ber
boh move mun
bre support mid
bul/sc move con
con support aeg
den move kie
eng support bel
gas support mid
gre support ion move aeg
hol support kie
ion move aeg
iri support nat move mid
kie support mun move ber
lon support eng
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
mun move ber
nat move mid
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser move bud
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc hold
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
mun move ruh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con
arm move smy
bal support ber
ber support kie move mun
bre support mid
bud move rum
bul/sc support aeg move con
con support ank
eas move smy
edi move nth
eng support bel
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
iri support nat move mid
kie move mun
lon support eng
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nap move tys
pie hold
pru move ber
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc hold
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move arm
arm support aeg move smy
bal support ber
bel support nth move hol
ber support kie move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre support mid
bul/sc move con
eas move smy
eng support bel
gre move aeg
hol support kie
iri support nat move mid
kie move mun
mid support por move spa
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth move hol
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
tyr move mun
tys move ion
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
