PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nap move ion
par move bur
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
boh move vie
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
rom move ven
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
tri move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar support nwy move stp
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nth
gal support tyr move vie
gre move alb
hol move kie
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth move ska
nwy move stp
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser move rum
spa move mar
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bar support stp
bur support pic move bel
gal support rum move bud
ion move eas
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap move apu
nth support ska move nwy
nwy support mos move stp
pic move bel
rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska move nwy
spa/sc move gol
stp support ska move nwy
tyr hold
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move adr
arm move sev
bar support edi move nwy
bel hold
ber support den move kie
bla support arm move sev
bud support gal move vie
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
den move kie
eas move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move vie
gre hold
hol hold
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move gol
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move ska
par move bur
pie hold
rum hold
ser move bud
sil move mun
stp support edi move nwy
swe move den
tri support ser move bud
tyr support bur move mun
ven hold
vie support ser move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
bar move nrg
bel support nth move hol
ber move den
bla support bul move rum
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
gal move bud
gre hold
hol hold
kie support hol
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun support ruh move kie
nth move hol
nwy move swe
pie move ven
ruh move kie
rum support mos move sev
sev hold
ska support nwy move swe
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun hold
tyr support ven move tri
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove gal
remove hel
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
ank move smy
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul hold
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move ion
hol move nth
kie move ber
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nap support tun move ion
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
sil move war
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
tri move tyr
ven move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
apu support ven
bal support war move pru
bel hold
ber hold
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move mun
den move bal
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move ion
ion move aeg
kie support bur move mun
mid hold
mos move war
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rom hold
rum hold
sev move mos
smy hold
stp move lvn
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move tri
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
remove bal
build Army con
remove gal
build Army lvp
build Army mar
remove pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu support tus move rom
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
con move bul
den move bal
edi move nwy via convoy
gre hold
kie hold
lvp move edi
mid hold
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
rom move nap
rum hold
ser move bud
smy hold
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri support boh move vie
tus move rom
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie disband
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
apu support pie move ven
bal convoy swe move pru
bel hold
bud hold
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support nwy move stp
gre hold
ion move gre
kie hold
lvn move war
mid hold
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move ven
rom hold
rum support con move bul
sil support lvn move war
smy move syr
swe move pru via convoy
tri support vie
tyr move boh
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre disband
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move con
apu hold
bal move bal
bel hold
bre move mid
bud hold
bul move gre
con move smy
gre support aeg move bul
ion support gre
kie hold
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move bur
pru move war
rom move nap
rum move sev
ser support bul move gre
sil support pru move war
smy move eas
stp support lvn move mos
tri move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
bul move rum
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move alb
bal convoy swe move pru
bel hold
bud hold
bul/sc hold
bur move ruh
con move bul
fin support stp
gal move bud
gre support bul/sc
ion convoy apu move alb
kie hold
lvn support ukr move war
mid hold
mos support war
nap hold
pie move tyr
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sev move bla
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp support mos
swe move pru via convoy
syr move arm
tri support bud
tyr move boh
ukr move war
vie support bud
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove bla
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri move ser
bel hold
ber support kie
boh move gal
bud hold
bul/sc move con
den move ska
edi move den via convoy
fin move stp
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
kie support ber
mid hold
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move den
par move pic
pru move war
ruh support kie
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tyr move tri
tys support nap move ion
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
alb move ser
bel support ruh
ber support kie
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support aeg
den hold
gal support ser move rum
gre support bul/sc
ion move eas
kie support ber
lon move wal
lvn move war
mid move bre
mos support ukr move sev
nth move hol
pic support bel
pie move tyr
ruh support kie
ser move rum
ska move nth
stp move lvn
tri support alb move ser
tys move wes
ukr move sev
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
