PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
con move bul
kie move hol
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move apu
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move lvn
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
bul move rum
con move bul
eng convoy pic move wal
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
ruh move bel
spa move mar
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bul move ser
con move bla
den move swe
eng move wal
hol move nth
kie move mun
mar move pie
mun move sil
pic move bur
rum move sev
smy move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support ank move arm
bur move mar
con move bul
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nth support wal move lon
pru move war
ruh move mun
ser hold
sev hold
sil support pru move war
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bla
ber move kie
bla move con
bre move mid
bul move rum
con move bul
kie move mun
lon move eng
mun move boh
nth move nwy
par move pic
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa move por
swe move fin
tyr move ven
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bul move rum
con move aeg
eng convoy pic move wal
fin move stp
gal support boh move vie
kie move hol
mid move wes
mar hold
mun move tyr
nwy support fin move stp
por hold
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move arm
ber move sil
bla support rum
bud hold
con move bul
eng convoy pic move lon
gal support vie move bud
hol move bel
kie move ruh
mun move tyr
nwy move nth
par move bur
por move spa
rum support sev move ukr
ser support bud
stp move mos
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war support stp move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bul
bel hold
bla convoy arm move bul
bud hold
bul move gre
bur move pic
eng convoy pic move lon
gal support vie move bud
gre move alb
mar move bur
mos support war move ukr
nth support bel
ruh move mun
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev hold
sil support gal
spa move mar
tri support vie move bud
tun hold
tyr support tri
ven move rom
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ber move mun
bla support sev
bud hold
bul support rum
bur hold
con hold
eng convoy pic move lon
gal support tri move bud
gre move alb
kie move ruh
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth support bel
par move pic
pic move lon
rom move nap
rum support bud
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move boh
spa move mar
tri move bud
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
bla support rum
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
eng support pic move bel
gre hold
mar move pie
pic move bel
pie move ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
tri support pie move ven
tys move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move arm
bel hold
bla move con
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support bel
con move bul
eng move lon
gre move ser
lon move yor
mar move pie
par support bur
pie move ven
rom move tys
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
tri support bud move vie
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army/dislodged ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move aeg
eng move nth
ion hold
lon support eng move nth
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom move nap
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev move mos
tri hold
tys support rom move nap
ukr support sev move mos
ven support pie move tyr
vie support rum move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Germany: army/dislodged nap
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel move ruh
bud move gal
bur move mun
con move bul
gal move boh
hol support bel move ruh
ion move tun
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move stp
nap hold
nth move nwy
par move bur
ser support tri
sev move mos
tri hold
tyr support bur move mun
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven hold
vie support gal move boh
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
