PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
arm move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move bre
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth support yor move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
tri move alb
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr support sev move rum
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support sev move arm
bre support lon move eng
con move ank
den move kie
gre move ion
hol move nth
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth support yor move nwy
par support mar move bur
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
smy move con
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri move adr
tun move tys
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
yor move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move bla
arm move ank
bal support nth move den
bel move pic
bla support arm move ank
boh move sil
bot move lvn
bre move eng
bur move bel
con support bul
eng move nth
gas support par move bre
gre move ion
hel move den
hol move nth
kie move ruh
mid support par move bre
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move den
par move bre
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move bud
tri move ven
tys support nap move ion
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army par
remove pic
remove sil
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support den
bla move bul/ec
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul support con
bur move mun
con support bul
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gas move bur
gre move ion
hel move den
hol move bel
ion move apu
kie support hel move den
lon move yor
lvn move pru
mid move eng
mun move ber
par support bre move pic
rom support ion move apu
ruh move mun
rum support bla move bul/ec
smy support con
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tys move ion
ven move tus
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank hold
apu move ion
bal support den move kie
ber support ruh move mun
bul/ec move bla
bur support pic move bel
con support smy
den move kie
eng support nth
gas move bre
gre move ion
hel move hol
kie support ber
mid move eng
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move pic
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move bul
sil support pru move ber
smy support con
tri support ven
tus move rom
tys support rom
ven support tus move rom
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
ank support bla move con
apu move ion
bal move swe
bel move ruh
bla move con
bul support bla move con
bur move mar
con support smy
eng support nth
gre move ion
hel move hol
kie support yor move hol
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move sil
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move ska
pic move bur
ser support tri
sil move boh
smy support con
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ser
tus move rom
tys support rom
ven support tus move rom
war move sil
yor move hol
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move smy
apu move nap
ber hold
boh move tyr
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur move mun
con support ank move smy
eng support nth
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri move nat
kie move den
mar move pie
mos move war
nth support kie move den
nwy hold
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
ser move gre
ska hold
smy move con
swe move bal
tri move vie
tus move rom
tys support rom
ven support tus move rom
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
remove tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support ska move den
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
con move aeg
den move bal
eng move nth
gre move ser
ion move tun
kie support mun move ber
mar move pie
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nap support tun move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move nth
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tus
rom support apu move nap
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev move rum
sil move mun
ska move den
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
tri move tyr
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
den move swe
nap disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support nwy move swe
bar move nwy
bel move hol
boh support mun
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
eng move bel
gal move sil
ion move tys
kie move den
mid move wes
mun support den move kie
nap support ion move tys
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie support tus move ven
pru support sil move ber
rom support ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move gal
ser move gre
sil move ber
swe support kie move den
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr support mun
ven support rom
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bar move nrg
bel move nth
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move mun
den move hel
edi move nrg
gal move sil
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth move ska
nwy support bot move swe
pie move ven
pru move bal
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil move ber
stp/sc move bot
swe support bal move den
tri move adr
tun move tys
tus support pie move ven
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven support rom move tus
vie hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
bal support bot move swe
bar move nwy
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move swe
bur move ruh
den support ber move kie
edi move nrg
gal move sil
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tun
kie move den
nap move tys
nth support kie move den
nwy move stp/nc
pie support tus move ven
rom support tys move tus
ruh move kie
ser hold
sil move ber
ska support swe
swe support kie move den
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr move pie
tys move tus
ven support tyr move pie
vie hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
boh move sil
bot support nwy move swe
bul hold
den support swe
edi move nwy
gal move rum
hel support ber move kie
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
gol move tys
mar move gol
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tus
ruh move mun
ser hold
sil move ber
ska support nth
stp/nc support edi move nwy
swe support den
tun support gol move tys
tus support nap move tys
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
bal move den
bar move nwy
ber move kie
bot move stp/sc
bul hold
bur support ruh move mun
den support swe
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie move hol
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth support den
nrg support stp/nc move bar
nwy move stp
pie support tus
rom support tus
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser hold
sil move ber
ska move nwy
stp/nc move bar
swe support den
tus support nap move tys
tyr support pie
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
mun move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal support bot move swe
bar convoy edi move stp
ber support sil move mun
bot move swe
bur support mun
den move kie
edi move stp
hel move den
hol move bel
kie support hel move den
gol support mar
mar support gol
mun move ber
nth move hel
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support edi move stp
par move gas
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh support den move kie
rum move gal
ser move tri
sil move mun
ska move den
swe move bal
tus move gol
tyr support sil move mun
tys support ion move tun
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
swe move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal support swe move den
bar support stp
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur support ruh move bel
fin move swe
gal move ukr
gas move par
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun hold
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move swe
pie hold
rom hold
ruh move bel
ska support nth move den
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri hold
tus move gol
tyr hold
tys move wes
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Russia: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
swe move bot
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support hel move den
bar move nwy
bel support kie move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr
bot support bal
bre move mid
bur support par move pic
hel move den
hol hold
ion support tys move tun
kie move hol
lvn support nwy move stp
mos support ukr move war
mun move kie
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
par move pic
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom hold
ska support nth move den
swe support nth move den
tri support tyr
tus move gol
tyr support boh
tys move tun
ukr move war
wes support tus move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Russia: army/dislodged hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
gol move spa/sc
tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber move pru
bel support hol
ber move pru
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bur move par
ion move tys
kie support den
lvn move mos
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid support pic move bre
mos support bot move stp/sc
naf move wes
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move tus
ska support nth move den
spa/sc support mar
stp support lvn move mos
swe support nth move den
tri move ser
tyr support boh move mun
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
Russia: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
den move hel
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove mid
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
bre support par move gas
den move hel
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mar support por move spa/sc
mun move bur
nth support den move hel
nwy move swe
par move gas
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ser hold
ska move den
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tri move adr
tus hold
tyr move pie
tys move wes
vie hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move pic
bre hold
bur support mar move gas
den move bal
fin move bot
gas hold
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
gol support spa/sc
mar move gas
nth move den
nwy support stp
pie move mar
por move mid
ser hold
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
swe support den move bal
tus move pie
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move ber
gas move par
kie move mun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army sev
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support stp move lvn
ber support mun move kie
bot move stp/sc
bre support par
bur support gas move par
den support kie
fin support swe move bot
gas move par
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move eng
gol move wes
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move gas
mos support bot move stp/sc
mun move kie
nwy move stp
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support ber
ruh move bel
ser hold
sev move ukr
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tun move wes
tyr hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy lvn move ber
bel support bur move pic
ber support mun move kie
bot support nwy move stp
bre move gas
bur move par
den support bal
eng move bel
fin support nwy move stp
gas move bre
hol support eng move bel
kie support lvn move ber
lvn move ber
gol move wes
mid support gas move bre
mar move gas
mos support stp/sc
mun move kie
nwy move stp
par support bre move gas
pic support hol move bel
pie move mar
por hold
pru support war move lvn
ser hold
tyr hold
tys support gol move wes
ukr move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove par
build Army sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre support gas move par
bud move rum
bur move mun
gas move par
lvn move mos
mid move iri
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move boh
pic support bel
por move mid
pru move sil
ruh move mun
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
tyr support bur move mun
tys support wes move tun
vie move gal
war support gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Russia: fleet/dislodged tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh support ruh move mun
bre move pic
bul support ion move gre
gal move vie
ion move gre
iri move eng
mid move wes
mos hold
mun support vie move boh
par support bre move pic
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
sil support ruh move mun
tun hold
tyr support mun
tys move nap
ukr support sev move rum
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
pic disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
