PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
hol support nth move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move bur
mun hold
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pic support nth move bel
rum move bla
ser move gre
stp hold
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
bel support lon move eng
ber support mun
bla hold
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
edi move nth
hol hold
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mun hold
nap move apu
nwy support edi move nth
pic support bur move bel
por move mid
rum move bud
sev move rum
smy move aeg
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move bul/sc
ank move con
apu move ven
bel hold
ber support mun
bre support mid move eng
bul move ser
den hold
gal support rum move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
mid move eng
mun hold
pic support bel
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move rum
tri move bud
tyr move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army mar
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
bel support mar move bur
ber move mun
bla move rum
bre move eng
bul/sc support gre move con
con move aeg
den hold
eng move wal
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
pic support bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bud
ser support gre
sev move ukr
smy move con
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre move bul
alb support tri move ser
bel hold
ber move mun
bre move eng
bud hold
bul/sc move con
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
gal support bud
gre support ser move bul
ion move gre
mar support pic move bur
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pic move bur
ruh support bel
ser support aeg move gre
stp move mos
tri move ser
ukr move war
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wal support bre move eng
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bel support nth move eng
ber move sil
bot move bal
bud hold
bul/sc support aeg move gre
bur hold
con support bul/sc move ank
den hold
edi move nrg
eng support wal move lon
gal support bud
gre move ser
ion move eas
lon support nth move eng
lvp move wal
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move eng
rom move ven
ruh support mun move bur
ser support tri move bud
tri move bud
tyr move pie
ven move adr
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
alb move ser
ank move con
bal move swe
bel hold
bre support wal move eng
bud support gal move vie
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mar
con move bul
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gal move vie
ion support ser move gre
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
mar move spa
mos move war
mun support ruh move bur
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bur
ser move gre
sil move boh
stp move nwy
tri move bud
ven move tri
wal move eng
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur disband
eng move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
remove ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move eas
alb move gre
ank move smy
bal support den move swe
bel hold
boh support tri move vie
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
eas move aeg
eng move mid
gre move alb
ion support eas move aeg
lvp move wal
mid move spa/sc
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
ser support alb move gre
spa support mar
stp move fin
tri move vie
vie move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
bal move ber
bel move eng
boh support vie
bud support gal move vie
bul/sc support gre
con support smy
den move ber
eng move nth
fin support stp move nwy
gal move vie
gas move spa/nc
gre support bul/sc
ion support alb move gre
lon move eng
mid move por
mar hold
mun move bur
nwy hold
par hold
pie support mar
ser move bud
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri hold
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
ank move con
bel move nth
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
fin move stp
gal support bud move vie
gas move mid
gre move smy via convoy
ion move eas
lon move yor
mid move bre
mar move bur
nth move edi
nwy move ska
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move ven
ser support vie move bud
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
ank move bla
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul/sc move gre
con support smy
eas support aeg move smy
edi hold
gal support bud move vie
gre move bul
kie support mun move ber
lvp move edi
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ber
nth support edi
par support mid move bre
pie move mar
rum support bul/sc
ser support tri move bud
ska support swe move den
spa move mar
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move bud
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
bre move pic
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ber hold
bla move con
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur move bel
con move gre
den support ska move nth
eas move smy
edi move nth
gal move bud
gre support aeg move bul
ion move aeg
kie move den
lvp move edi
nth move lon
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move sev
ser support aeg move bul
sev move rum
ska move nth
smy move ank
spa move gas
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie move tri
war move sil
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
edi move nrg
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support con move smy
ber hold
bla move con
boh move mun
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support smy move con
bur move bel
con move smy
den move kie
eng support lon
gal move bud
gas hold
gre support bul/sc
kie support ber
lon hold
mun support ber
nrg move bar
pic move bel
pru move ber
rum support bla move bul
ser move rum
sil support pru move ber
ska move nwy
smy move con
tri support vie
vie hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
bar move nwy
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bre move wal via convoy
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur move bel
con move bul
den support yor move nth
edi move yor
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre move bul
kie move ber
lon hold
mar move pie
mun support vie move boh
nap move ion
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
rom move tys
ser support gre move bul
sev move mos
sil move mun
smy support bul/sc move con
tri move vie
ven move tyr
vie move boh
yor move nth
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support bla move con
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move mun
bre move pic
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
con hold
den move swe
eng support bre move pic
gal move vie
ion move tys
kie move ber
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth support stp/nc move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
ser support bul move rum
sil support boh move mun
smy support con
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
vie move boh
wal support lon
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
nwy move nrg
rum move sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet edi
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
boh support bur move mun
bud support ven move tri
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con move bla
eng move iri
gol move spa/sc
mun support sil move boh
nth move hel
nrg move cly
pic move par
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
ser support ven move tri
sil move boh
smy support bul/sc move con
stp move mos
swe move den
tyr support bur move mun
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie support sil move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
ber support den move kie
bla support con move ank
boh support sil move mun
bud move gal
cly support wal move lvp
con move ank
den move kie
edi move cly
gal move rum
hel move hol
iri support wal move lvp
kie hold
lon move nth
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun support tyr move boh
nwy move nth
par move pic
ruh support kie
rum support bud move gal
ser move bud
sev support gal move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
tri support ser move bud
tyr move boh
tys move wes
vie move bud
wal move lvp
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
lvp move yor
rum move bul
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
remove cly
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bla move rum
boh move tyr
bud support gal
bul support tri move ser
den move kie
edi support nwy move nth
gal support bud
hol support den move kie
iri move eng
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move gas
mun hold
nwy move nth
pic move bur
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh support mun
rum hold
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
wes support por move mid
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla support gal move rum
boh support vie
bud support tyr move vie
bul support gal move rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move yor
gal move rum
hol support kie
iri move eng
kie hold
lon hold
mid move gas
mun support ruh move kie
nth move eng
por move mid
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support gal move rum
sev move rum
spa move mar
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support war move gal
ven move tyr
vie hold
wal move lon
war move gal
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army rom
build Army ven
remove wal
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla support ser move rum
boh move vie
bud support rum move gal
bul support ser move rum
bur move mar
edi move cly
gal support ukr move rum
gas move bre
ion move tys
iri move wal
mid move iri
mun support ruh move kie
nth support yor move lon
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move gal
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: fleet/dislodged lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
gal move war
kie move den
lon move eng
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support den move kie
bla convoy bul move arm
boh support gal move sil
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul move arm via convoy
bur move mar
cly support lvp
den move kie
eng move bre
gal move sil
hol support nth move bel
ion move tys
iri move eng
kie hold
lvp hold
mid support iri move eng
mun support kie
nth move bel
pie support spa move mar
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
spa move mar
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wal move eng
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove wal
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bud support rum
bur move mun
cly move lvp
den hold
edi move nth
eng support mid move iri
hol support bel
kie support mun move ber
lon support edi move nth
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun move ber
pic support eng
pru move sil
rum hold
sev hold
sil support mun move ber
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie support boh move gal
war support pru move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bel hold
ber hold
bla support rum move sev
boh move mun
bud move rum
bur move mun
den move kie
eng move bre
gal support bud move rum
hol support bel
kie support bur move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid support eng move bre
mun move kie
nth support lon move eng
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move sev
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support sev
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
mun move ruh
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
