PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven hold
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move swe
bul hold
con move aeg
den move swe
gal move war
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move gre via convoy
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support nap move gre
smy move con
stp move fin
tri move alb
ukr move war
ven hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb support gre
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support gal
bul support con move gre
con move gre via convoy
den support bot move swe
edi move nrg
fin support bot move swe
gal hold
gre hold
ion move eas
kie support ruh move hol
lon move nwy via convoy
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move hol
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
por move mid
ruh move hol
ser move bul
smy move con
spa move mar
ukr move gal
ven move tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support gre
bud support ser move rum
bul hold
con support bul
den hold
eas move aeg
eng support bel
fin move nwy
gal move ukr
gre hold
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lon hold
mid move iri
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bur
rum move bla
ser move rum
smy support aeg move eas
swe support fin move nwy
tri support ser
tys move tun
ukr move rum
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eas move ion
nwy move nth
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bar support ska move nwy
bel support bur
bla support sev move rum
bre move pic
bud support alb move tri
bul support sev move rum
bur support bel
con move ank
eas move aeg
eng support bel
gal move vie
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion move alb
iri move lvp
lon hold
mun move bur
nap move ion
nwy move stp
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
rum move ser
sev move rum
ska move nwy
smy move con
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tun move tys
tyr move pie
ukr support war
ven support pie move tyr
war support ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
rum move gal
tri move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move tri
ank support con
bar move nrg
bla move sev
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur move par
con support aeg move bul
den move ska
eng support bel
gal move boh
gas support mar
gre hold
hol move bel
ion support gre
lon move yor
nwy hold
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support ukr move gal
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ukr move gal
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bud
build Army mos
remove nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tyr move tri
ank move con
boh move tyr
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
eng support bel
gal move bud
gas support mar
gre support alb
ion support gre
lvp move wal
mar support gas
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move tus
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul/sc move gre
ska move den
smy move aeg
stp move fin
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support boh move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb support gre
ank move con
bel support bur move ruh
bud support ser
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
den move swe
eng move nth
fin support swe
gas move bur
gre hold
hol hold
ion support gre
mar move pie
mun move sil
nrg hold
nwy hold
pic support bel
ruh move mun
rum support bud
ser support bul/sc move gre
swe support fin
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven move rom
vie support tyr move tri
wal move lon
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army rom
remove vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb support gre
ank move con
bel support ruh move hol
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul/ec
den hold
fin support swe move nwy
gal move vie
gre support alb
hol move kie
ion move aeg
lon move yor
mun support hol move kie
nth support ruh move hol
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pic move bur
pie support ven
rom move tus
ruh move hol
ser support bul/sc move gre
sil hold
swe move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tus move pie
ven support rom move tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
nth move edi
ven move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
ank move con
apu move ven
bel support hol
bud move tri
bul/sc support aeg move gre
bur support ruh
con move aeg
den move swe
edi support yor
eng move nth
fin move swe
gre hold
hol support ruh
ion support gre
mun move sil
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
pie support apu move ven
rom support apu move ven
ruh support hol
rum move bud
ser support aeg move gre
sev move rum
sil move gal
tri support ven
tus support ven
ven hold
vie support bud move tri
yor support edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
nwy move ska
tri disband
ven disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove nrg
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
ank move con
bel move hol
bud support tri
bul/sc support aeg move gre
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move nrg
fin support ska move nwy
gal support sil move war
gre hold
hol move kie
ion support gre
kie move mun
mar move gol
mos support war
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move gas
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser support aeg move gre
sil move war
ska move nwy
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support mos
yor move nth
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ion
bel move ruh
bot move bal
bud move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur support mun
con move bul
den support kie
fin support nwy
gal move ukr
gas hold
gre support aeg move ion
hel move den
hol move kie
ion support alb
kie support den
gol move tys
mos support war
mun support hol move kie
nth support hel move den
nrg move bar
nwy hold
rom move nap
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sil move ber
tri support vie
tyr move boh
ven support tyr
vie support tri
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb support ion
bal support fin move swe
bar move stp/nc
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move ska
fin move swe
gas move mar
gre move ion
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nwy support bal move swe
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser move alb
smy move eas
swe hold
tri support vie
tys support ion
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bal move den
bar support ska move nwy
ber move kie
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
bud move gal
bul/sc move aeg
con move ank
eas support aeg move ion
gre support aeg move ion
ion hold
kie move den
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nth support ska move nwy
rom move nap
ruh move kie
ser move alb
sil move ber
ska move nwy
swe support bal move den
tri move tyr
tys move tun
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move apu
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
alb move ser
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun move sil
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud move gal
den move nth
eas support ion
eng move nth
gre move alb
ion hold
kie move den
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth move edi
nrg support den move nth
nwy support bar move stp
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
alb move adr
bar support nwy
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud move gal
con move bul
eas move aeg
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
ion move nap
mos move stp
mun support pie move tyr
nth move nwy
nrg support stp/nc move bar
nwy support bar
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom move nap
sil support ber move pru
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven support adr move apu
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
nth move hol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
apu move adr
bar support stp move nwy
bla move bul/ec
con hold
eas move ion
gal support war
gre support eas move ion
hol move kie
nrg support stp move nwy
pru move war
rom support ven
ser support tri
sil support pru move war
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie
ven hold
vie support tri
war support gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support gre move ion
apu hold
bar support nrg
boh move gal
bre move eng
con support ser move bul
den support mun move kie
eng move iri
gal support war
gre move ion
ion move adr
kie move hol
gol move tys
mun move kie
nth move hol
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
par move bur
pru support sil move war
rom support tys move nap
ser move bul
sil move war
swe support nwy
tri support adr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ven move tus
vie support tri
war support gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec disband
kie move ber
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bar move nwy
ber move bal
bul move ser
con move bul
gal support ukr move war
ion move nap
mos support ukr move war
nrg support bar move nwy
nwy move fin
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe support bar move nwy
tri support vie
tus support tys move rom
ukr move war
ven support adr
vie support tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
France: army/dislodged war
France: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal support lvn move pru
bul move gre
fin move stp
gal move boh
ion move nap
lvn move pru
mos move lvn
nap move rom
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
ser move alb
tri move tyr
tus support nap move rom
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army/dislodged pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army con
build Army mos
remove tus
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb move ser
ank hold
bal support pru move ber
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move bel
gal support vie move boh
gre move alb
ion support nap move tys
kie move hol
lvn move war
mos move sev
nap move tys
nth support swe move den
nwy move nrg
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ska move den
stp move mos
swe move den
tun support tys
tyr move mun
tys support tun
ven hold
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bal move den
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
gal move bud
ion move tun
mos move ukr
nth support bal move den
nrg move nwy
rom move tus
sev move rum
sil support boh move mun
swe support bal move den
tyr move tri
tys support ion move tun
ven move adr
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support ser
ber support den move kie
bud support tri
bul support ser
con support bul
den move kie
gal support bud
ion move tys
mun support den move kie
rum support bud
ser support bul
sev move mos
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tun move naf
tus move gol
tys move wes
ukr support rum
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser
ber move kie
boh move mun
bul support con
con support bul
gal move vie
ion move tys
kie move hol
gol move mar
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth support kie move hol
ser support bul
swe move den
tys move wes
ukr move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud support rum
den move kie
gal support rum
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie move hol
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
ruh move bel
rum support bud
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp move fin
tri support bud
tys move wes
vie support tri
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bud support rum
gal support rum
hol support ruh move bel
mid move bre
mun move bur
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
por move spa/nc
ruh move bel
rum support bud
spa/sc move mid
tri support bud
tys move wes
ukr move sev
vie support tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
