PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support tri
sev move rum
spa hold
stp move fin
tri support adr move ven
tyr support ven
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla convoy con move rum
bre move pic
bul support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
den support nwy move swe
fin move nwy
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move mun
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move sil
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bur
por move mid
rum move bla
ser support con move rum
sev support rum move bla
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tyr support ven
ukr move rum
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
swe move bal
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg support con move bul
ank move arm
bal support fin move swe
bel support hol
bla support sev move rum
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den support swe
fin move swe
hol support bel
lon hold
gol move tys
mid move naf
mun move ber
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
pic move bur
pru move lvn
rum move ukr
ser support con move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri support ven
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bla
build Army edi
remove fin
build Army mun
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
ank move bla
apu move nap
arm move sev
bal support stp move lvn
bel support hol
ber support mun
bul support ser move rum
bur move mar
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gre support bul
hol support bel
lon move nth
mar move pie
mun support ber
naf move tun
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
rum move sev
ser move rum
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri support tyr move ven
tus move ven
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move mos
ven move tri
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm support bul move sev
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla convoy bul move sev
bul move sev via convoy
fin move stp
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move adr
mar move spa
mos support stp
mun move boh
nap support rom
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move stp
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support nap
rum move bud
ser move bud
stp hold
swe support nth move den
tri move bud
tun hold
tus support pie move ven
tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bre
build Fleet con
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove tri
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
arm move bla
bel support hol
bla move con
boh support mun move tyr
bre move gas
bul move gre
con move aeg
den support nth move hel
fin move stp
gas move mar
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support hol
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos support stp
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth move hel
nwy support fin move stp
par move bur
rom support ion move nap
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move mos
spa hold
stp support mos
swe move bot
tun hold
tyr support ser move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
stp move lvn
tyr move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support rom move nap
bel move hol
bla move con
boh move vie
bot support stp
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move kie
hel support den move kie
hol move hel
kie support bel move hol
lvn move war
gol convoy spa move tus
mar move pie
mos support lvn move war
nap support tys move rom
nth move hol
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rom support tys move nap
sev move mos
spa move tus via convoy
stp hold
tri support pie move ven
tun move tys
tyr support boh move vie
tys move rom
ukr support sev move mos
ven support mar move pie
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move hol
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud move vie
con move aeg
den move bal
gas move mar
hel support lon move den
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie support bel move hol
lon move den via convoy
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun support kie
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy lon move den
pie move ven
rom support ion move tys
smy move eas
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support bud move vie
tus support pie move ven
tyr support vie move tri
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ven
arm move sev
bal support den move kie
bel move hol
boh move vie
bot support lvn
den move kie
eas support ion
gal move bud
gre move bul
hel support den move kie
hol move hel
ion support tys move tun
kie support bel move hol
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move ber
nap support rom
nth move hol
pie move tus
stp move mos
tri support vie
tun support gol move tys
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
kie move mun
tun move wes
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army con
remove hol
build Army lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal convoy kie move pru
ber support mun
boh move vie
bot support lvn
bud support boh move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
eas move ion
gre move alb
hel move hol
ion move tys
kie move pru via convoy
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
mos support war
mun support ber
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
pie support ven
rom support ion move tys
sev move ukr
stp move mos
tri support apu move ven
tun support ion move tys
tus support ven
tyr support boh move vie
tys support wes
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move war
tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri
apu move ven
bal move kie
ber move sil
bot move bal
bud move ser
gal move bud
hol support bal move kie
ion support tys move tun
lvn move war
gol support wes
mar hold
mos support lvn move war
mun move tyr
nap support rom
pie support ven
pru support lvn move war
rom hold
rum move sev
tri support gal move bud
tun move naf
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven support tus move rom
vie support tyr move tri
war support ukr move mos
wes support gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bel move ruh
bud support tri
bul move ser
edi hold
gal move war
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move den via convoy
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mar move spa
mos support war
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
pie support ven
pru move lvn
rom support nap move tys
ser move bud
sev support ukr move mos
tri support apu move ven
tun move naf
tus support ven
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie support tyr move tri
war support mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move stp
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move ven
bal convoy den move pru
bel move eng
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
den move pru via convoy
edi move lvp
gal move war
hol move bel
lvn support war move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mos support gal move war
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move den
pie support ven
rom support nap move tys
ruh move kie
ser move gre
sev support mos
spa move gas
stp support war move mos
tri support vie move bud
tun support nap move tys
tus move rom
tyr move vie
ven support tus move rom
vie move bud
war move mos
wes move mid
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army con
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
bal convoy den move pru
bel move eng
bud support alb move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move pru via convoy
eng move wal
gas support spa/sc
iri support naf move mid
lvn support mos
mun move sil
naf move mid
nth move nrg
pie move mar
pru move sil
ser move rum
sev support ukr move mos
spa/sc hold
stp support mos
tri move bud
tun move wes
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support tun move wes
ukr move mos
ven support tus move rom
vie support tri move bud
war support ukr move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
rom move nap
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bud support rum
bul support gal move rum
den move kie
eng support wal move iri
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre support ser
iri move eng
kie move ber
lvn support mos
lvp hold
gol convoy mar move tus
mid support iri move eng
mar move tus via convoy
mos support pru move war
mun move tyr
nap support tys move rom
nrg move nat
pru move war
rom hold
rum support bud
ser support gal move rum
sev support war move mos
spa/sc move por
stp support mos
tri move ser
tys move rom
ukr support war move mos
ven support rom
vie support bud
wal move iri
war move mos
wes support mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move bel
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
remove nap
remove tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move nth
ber move pru
bud support rum move ser
edi move lvp
eng support mid move iri
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn move war
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mid move iri
mar move spa/sc
mos support war move ukr
nat support iri move mid
por support mar move spa
rom move nap
rum move ser
ser move rum
spa move gas
stp support mos
tri support rum move ser
tus move rom
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser disband
ukr move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move kie
bud move rum
bul move ser
den move nth
eng move bre
gas move bre
gre support bul move ser
iri support nat move mid
lon support bel move eng
lvp move yor
mid support eng move bre
mos support ukr move sev
mun hold
nat move mid
nap hold
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
rom support nap
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
spa/sc support por
stp move lvn
tri support ser
tys move tun
ukr move sev
vie move bud
wal support lon
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng disband
mid disband
sev move arm
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
bre move gas
bud support sev move rum
bul move ser
edi move den via convoy
eng convoy wal move bel
gas move mar
gre support bul move ser
iri support mid
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move war
mid hold
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
nth convoy edi move den
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rum move bud
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
spa/sc move wes
tri support ser
tun support spa/sc move wes
vie support bud
wal move bel via convoy
war move ukr
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move pic
ber move mun
bud support ser
bul support gre
den move kie
eng convoy yor move bre
gas move mar
gre support bul
iri move mid
lon move wal
gol support wes move tys
mid move por
mar move pie
nap support rom
nth convoy yor move bre
pru move sil
rom support ven
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
spa/sc move wes
tri move alb
tun move ion
tys move ion
ukr support rum
ven support mar move pie
vie move tri
war support pru move sil
wes move tys
yor move bre via convoy
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove mar
remove pie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
ber support kie move mun
bre move par
bud support ser
bul support gre
con move bla
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
gre support bul
kie move mun
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move yor
gol move tus
mid move spa/sc
nap hold
nth convoy edi move hol
pic move bur
por support mid move spa
rom support gol move tus
rum support war move gal
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
sil support kie move mun
smy move aeg
tri move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr support rum
ven hold
wal move iri
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
eng move bre
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion move apu
iri move mid
mun support sil move boh
nap support ion move apu
nth convoy yor move bel
par move bur
rom move ven
rum support gal move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
sil move boh
spa/sc support bur move mar
tun support tys move ion
tus move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move ion
ukr support sev
ven move tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
