PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move den via convoy
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
par move bur
sev support ank move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
ber move mun
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
gal move vie
hol support ruh move bel
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mid move por
nap move ion
rom move ven
ruh move bel
ser hold
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
lon move hol
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bel
ber move den via convoy
bul move ser
bur move ruh
gal support rum move bud
hol move nth
ion move gre
kie support ber move den
lvp move yor
mar move gol
mos move stp
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rum move bud
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
ber move kie
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
gal move vie
gre hold
hol support bel
kie move den
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pic support yor move bel
ruh support yor move bel
rum support bul move ser
spa/sc move wes
stp support nwy
swe move ska
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move tun
yor move bel
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move mun
bud support tri move ser
bul support aeg move gre
con move smy
den move nth
gal move vie
gre support rum move bul
hol hold
kie support mun move ruh
lon move nth
gol move wes
mos support stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy hold
pic move bur
pie hold
rom support nap move tys
ruh support bel move hol
rum move bul/sc
sev move rum
ska support den move nth
stp support nwy
tri move ser
tun support nap move tys
tyr move ven
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/sc
bud support rum
bul support gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
gre hold
hel move hol
ion move gre
lon support hol move hel
mos move ukr
naf move tun
nwy hold
pie move ven
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support ion move gre
sev move arm
ska move den
smy move con
stp support nwy
tun hold
tys support tun
ven support rom move tus
vie hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move ank
bud support rum
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move ank
den move nth
gre support aeg move ion
ion move alb
mar move gol
naf move tun
nwy hold
pie move tus
rum hold
ser hold
sev move bla
smy hold
stp hold
tun hold
tus support ven move pie
tys support tun
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie hold
war move lvn
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
bud support rum
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
gre hold
ion move adr
lvn move stp
gol move tys
naf move tun
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
tun hold
tus move gol
tyr move ven
tys support tus move gol
vie hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
tun move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove ser
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bla support rum move bul
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur hold
con move bul
edi move lvp
gre move ion
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos move war
mun move kie
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move bul/ec
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tun move tys
tys support ion move tun
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move gal
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bul move gre
tys move nap
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move con
bla support bul/ec move bul
bud move ser
bul/ec hold
bur support mar
con move ank
eng move mid
gal move boh
gre move ser
ion move nap
lvn move pru
lvp support yor move lon
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
nap move tys
nth support yor move lon
pie move mar
rom support tys move nap
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move gol
tun support nap move tys
tys move nap
vie move tri
war move sil
wes support spa/sc move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove ion
remove mid
build Army mos
build Army mun
remove pie
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support mun move bur
ber move sil
bla convoy con move rum
boh move tyr
bud move vie
bul/ec move con
bur move mun
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
gre move ser
hol move hel
kie move mun
gol move tus
mar hold
mos move war
mun move bur
nap support tus move rom
nth move eng
pru move ber
rom move nap
sev move ukr
sil move boh
stp/sc move bot
tri support boh move tyr
tun move stp/nc
tus move rom
tys support rom move nap
ven move tri
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
nap move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bla move con
boh move mun
bot move bal
con move aeg
eng convoy lon move pic
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move lon
mar hold
mos move lvn
nap move rom
par hold
pru move ber
rom support apu move nap
rum move ser
ser hold
tri support rum move ser
tun move tys
tus support nap move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support wes move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
tun move ion
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove nap
build Army stp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bal convoy lvn move kie
bre hold
bud move ser
con support aeg
eng support pic move bel
ion move gre
lvn move kie via convoy
mar hold
mun support lvn move kie
par support bre
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
rum move bul
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
smy move gre via convoy
stp move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tun support tus move tys
tus move tys
tyr support mun
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
bal support nwy move swe
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move ser
eng move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mar hold
mun support ber move kie
nap move apu
nwy move swe
par hold
rom move ven
rum support bud move ser
ser move rum
sil move ber
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bul
ven move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
