PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move mun
eng move bel
gal move rum
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move nwy
ruh move mun
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy move ank
ukr support gal move rum
ven hold
wal hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bla
bel move pic
ber move mun
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move aeg
den hold
hol hold
ion move aeg
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar hold
mun move bur
nap move ion
nwy move nth
par support bur
por move mid
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev support arm move bla
smy move syr
spa move gas
tun hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bla move rum
bul support rum
bur hold
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal support rum
gas move bre
hol move ruh
ion convoy tun move alb
iri support eng move mid
lon move bel via convoy
mid support gas move bre
mar support bur
mun support ruh move bur
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move bel
par support gas move bre
pic support lon move bel
ruh move bur
rum support gal
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
syr move arm
tun move alb via convoy
ukr support bla move rum
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support ven move tri
apu move adr
bel support ruh move bur
ber move kie
bla move rum
bud support gal
bul move ser
bur move pic
con move ank
gal hold
ion move gre
iri move lvp
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nth move nrg
par support bre
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev support bla move rum
tri hold
ukr support bla move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move ser
ank move con
bel support bur
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
con move bul/ec
gal move ukr
gas move spa
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
kie hold
lvp move nat
mid move por
mar support par move bur
mun support bur
nat move mid
nrg move nth
par move bur
pic support bel
rum support gre move bul
ser move rum
sev support rum
swe hold
tri support alb move ser
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move con
bel support mun move bur
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move bla
gal move rum
gre support rum move bul
hol move ruh
kie move mun
lvp move iri
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move bur
nat support por move mid
nap move ion
nth move eng
par support mar move bur
pic move bre
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
spa support mid move por
tri support ven move tyr
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bel support ruh move bur
bre hold
bul/ec support sev move bla
con move bla
eng support bre
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre move aeg
ion move eas
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
mid move por
mar support spa
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
par move gas
por support gas move spa
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move bla
spa support mid move por
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move wes
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove par
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/ec move con
ank move smy
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support bul/ec move con
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul/ec move con
bur move par
con move bul/ec
den hold
eas move smy
eng move nth
gas move spa
ion move gre
iri move eng
kie hold
mid move wes
mar support spa
mos move war
nap move tys
por support gas move spa
rum hold
sev move arm
spa support mar
tri move ser
tyr hold
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move sil
wes support spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank move arm
arm move syr
bel move hol
bla move ank
bre hold
bud support gal move rum
con support bla move ank
den move kie
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
mid support por move spa
mar support spa
nth support swe move den
pie support gas move mar
por move spa/sc
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
sil move ber
spa support mar
swe move den
tyr move vie
tys move tun
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
mar disband
rum move ukr
spa disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove syr
build Army ven
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
ank move bla
bal move kie
bel support lon move pic
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul/sc move con
con hold
den move swe
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gal hold
hol hold
kie move ber
lon move pic via convoy
mid move naf
mos move sev
nap move tys
nth move hel
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum support vie move gal
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy support bul/sc move con
spa/sc move gol
tys move tun
ukr support gal
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move smy
ank move con
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla support ukr move rum
boh move tyr
bud move gal
bul move smy via convoy
con move ank
eng move mid
gal move vie
hel support swe move den
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun support boh move tyr
naf support gol move wes
nth move eng
pic move bre
pie hold
rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy move eas
swe move den
tun hold
tus move gol
tyr move boh
tys support tus move gol
ukr move rum
vie support tyr move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move syr
ank move con
bel move pic
bla support rum move bul
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
bul move syr via convoy
bur support mar
con support smy move ank
eas convoy bul move syr
eng move mid
gal support sil move boh
hel hold
hol move bel
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar support tyr move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
naf move tun
pie move ven
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move ank
spa/sc support wes move gol
tri move ser
tun support gol move tys
tyr move ven
tys move ion
vie move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
gal move war
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support syr move arm
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla move con
boh move tyr
bud support ser move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur move ruh
con move bla
eas move smy
gal move ukr
gas move mar
hel move hol
ion move alb
kie move hol
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support boh move tyr
naf support wes move tun
pic move par
pie move ven
rum move ser
ser move rum
spa/sc support gas move mar
syr move arm
tun support tys
tyr hold
tys support tun
ukr move rum
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet/dislodged arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm disband
rum move sev
tun move ion
tyr move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mos
remove mun
remove pie
remove tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
alb move gre
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support bul move con
bud move ser
bul move con
con support rum move bul
edi move nth
gal move ukr
hel support edi move nth
ion move adr
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
naf move tun
par move bur
ruh move bel
rum move bul
sev move rum
smy support con
spa/sc move mar
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
ank support smy move con
arm move sev
bel support yor move hol
bla move bul/ec
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
eng support nth
gal move ukr
gre support con move bul
hel support yor move hol
ion move nap
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move hol
pie move ven
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
smy move con
tri move bud
tun move ion
tys move rom
ukr support rum
war move gal
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet edi
remove gre
remove ion
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla move arm
bud move vie
bul/ec support con move bla
bur support bel move ruh
con move bla
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng hold
gal move vie
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
lon move nwy via convoy
lvp move wal
gol move wes
mos move ukr
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move nwy
rom move tys
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support bla move arm
stp move mos
tri support rum move bud
tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tri
war support ukr move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Italy: army/dislodged arm
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
gal move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move arm
apu move adr
arm move bla
bla move sev
bud support rum
bul/ec support rum
bur move mun
den move kie
eng convoy wal move alb
gal move vie
hol move kie
ion convoy wal move alb
kie move ber
mid convoy wal move alb
mos move sev
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy hold
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bla move sev
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy move arm
tri move vie
tys convoy wal move alb
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
wal move alb via convoy
war move gal
wes convoy wal move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
England: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
