PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
bul support bud move rum
edi move nrg
gal support ukr move rum
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move por
mar move spa
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser move rum
sev move bla
tri move ven
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
gal support ukr move rum
kie move bal
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
par move pic
por move mid
rom move ven
ser support tri
sev support ukr move rum
spa move gas
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move bot
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bud support tri
bul move rum
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre hold
hol support eng move nth
ion move aeg
lon move bel via convoy
gol hold
mid move wes
nth support lon move bel
nrg move nat
pic move wal via convoy
pru move war
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser support bud
sev move bla
sil support pru move war
stp support nwy
swe hold
tri hold
tun move ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move ser
con move aeg
eng support wal move lon
gal move war
gre support bul move ser
hol move nth
ion support aeg move gre
kie move den
lon hold
gol move tys
mar move gas
nat move iri
nth move eng
nwy support stp
rom hold
rum move ukr
ser support bud move tri
sev support bla move rum
sil move gal
smy support con move aeg
stp support nwy
swe move fin
tri support vie move bud
tus hold
vie move bud
wal move lon
war move mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ser disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel hold
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc move gre
den hold
eng move iri
fin support mos move stp
gal move sil
gas move spa
gre support aeg move bul
hol move nth
ion support bul/sc move gre
iri support nth move eng
lon move yor
mos move stp
nth move eng
nwy support stp
pru move war
rom move apu
ser move bud
smy move con
stp support ukr move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tys move tun
ukr move mos
wal move lvp
war hold
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move mid
gre move alb
ser disband
stp move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove iri
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ven
bel hold
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc support alb move gre
con move aeg
den hold
fin support stp
gre support ser move bul
ion support nap move tys
lvn support mos move war
lvp hold
mid move iri
mar move gol
mos move war
nap move tys
nth support bre move eng
pru support sil move war
rom support nap move tys
rum move bul/ec
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move con
spa hold
stp hold
swe move nwy
tun hold
war move gal
wes support tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb support bul/sc move gre
bel move pic
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
den move bal
eng move lon
fin move stp
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
lvn move war
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mos support lvn move war
nth support lvp move edi
nwy support fin move stp
pru move war
rom hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
spa move por
stp move mos
tun hold
tus hold
tys move nap
ven move tri
wes support tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gal
remove lvn
remove mid
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move ser
bal hold
ber move sil
bud move rum
con move bul
edi hold
fin move stp
gre move ion
ion move alb
iri move mid
lon move eng
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bel
ser support bud move rum
sil move boh
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri support ion move alb
tun support nap move ion
tus move ven
war support stp move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
bel hold
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move vie
bul move ser
eas support aeg move ion
edi move yor
eng move mid
gre support aeg move ion
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move wes
mar move tus via convoy
mos support sil move war
nap support rom move tys
pie move ven
rom move tys
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
sil move war
stp support mos
tri support ven
tun support tys
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tun
ukr hold
ven support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mun
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel hold
boh support gal move vie
bre move naf via convoy
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
eas move ion
gal move vie
gre support ion move alb
ion move alb
gol support tys
mid convoy bre move naf
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move tys
pie move ven
rom move tus
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
sev support bul move rum
stp move mos
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
ven support tri
war move gal
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
gre move aeg
ven move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
apu support rom
bel hold
bla support sev
boh move gal
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
eas move ion
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
gol move pie
mid move wes
mos move sev
naf support tun
nap support tun move ion
rom hold
rum support bul move ser
ser support gre move bul
sev hold
sil move boh
tri move alb
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr hold
tys support tun move ion
ukr support gal move rum
ven support tus
war move ukr
wes move gol
yor hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
con move bul
eas move aeg
gal support bud move rum
gre support con move bul
ion move gre
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support rum move sev
naf move tun
pie move gol
rum move sev
ser support ion move gre
tri move alb
tus support ven
tys move ion
ukr support rum move sev
ven support tus
wes support gol move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
arm move ank
bel hold
ber hold
bla move rum
boh move vie
bul support aeg move gre
gal move bud
gre hold
ion move aeg
gol support wes move tys
mos support sev
pie move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
tun hold
tus hold
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ukr support sev
ven move tri
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud hold
bul support bla move rum
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap support rom
rom support nap
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
tri support tus move ven
tun hold
tus move ven
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move apu
vie support bud
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bul move con
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank support smy
bel hold
bla move bul/ec
bul hold
con support bla move bul
eng hold
gre move aeg
ion convoy tun move gre
mos move sev
pie support ven
ser support bul
sev move arm
smy hold
tri support ven
tun move gre via convoy
tus support tys
tys support tus
ukr move rum
ven support tri
war move ukr
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
ank support smy
arm move ank
bul move con
con support smy
eas support gre move smy
gre move smy via convoy
ion move gre
pie move tus
smy support con
tri support ven
tus move tys
tys move ion
ven support tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con move smy
apu support ion move nap
arm move ank
bel move hol
bul support aeg move con
con move smy
eas move syr
eng move nth
gre hold
ion move nap
nap support rom
rom support nap
ser support bul
smy support aeg move con
syr support con move smy
tri support ven
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ven support tri
yor hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nap disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
