PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move mun
gal move rum
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move ven
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
sev support gal move rum
spa hold
stp move nwy
tri move bud
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
bre move pic
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move nth
gre support rum move bul
hol support bel
ion move eas
kie move mun
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nrg move nwy
par support bur
por move spa/sc
ruh support kie move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move bla
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
tun hold
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move smy
bel move hol
bla hold
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move mun
con support arm move smy
eas move smy
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie move ruh
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nth support bel move hol
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par support bur
pic support bel
pie move ven
ruh move bur
ser support bul
sev move bla
spa/sc move wes
swe support nwy
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr move rum
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move gas
hol move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
bar move stp/nc
bla support con
bul support gre move con
bur move bel
con support smy
eas move smy
edi move nrg
gas move spa
gre move con
hol move kie
kie move hol
gol move tys
mar support par move bur
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth move den
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bel
ruh support bur move bel
ser support bul
smy support con
stp/sc hold
swe support nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun hold
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar hold
bel move hol
bla move bul/ec
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con support bla move bul
den hold
eas move smy
hol support pic move bel
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mar support bur
nrg hold
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support bel move hol
rum support bul
ser move alb
sev move bla
sil move ber
smy support con
spa support mar
stp/sc hold
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move ser
hol move nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove eas
build Army par
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support smy move arm
bar hold
bla support ser move bul
bul/ec support con move bla
bur support bel
con move bla
den support nth move hel
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion support gre
kie move hol
gol move tys
mar support bur
mun move bur
nth move hel
nrg move nth
par move pic
pie move tus
pru move ber
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
smy move arm
spa support mar
stp/sc hold
swe support nwy
tun hold
tyr move ven
ven move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move sev
bar hold
ber hold
bla hold
bur support pic move bel
con hold
den support hel move kie
gre support tri move ser
hel move kie
hol move hel
ion move nap
gol move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun move kie
nth move hol
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sil support ber
spa move mar
stp/sc hold
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tun hold
tus move ven
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Army lvp
remove mun
remove pie
build Army sev
build Army tri
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bar hold
bel support ruh move hol
bla convoy sev move con
bud move rum
bul support bla move con
bur support pic move bel
con move bla
den move nth
edi move nrg
gre support ser move bul
hol support kie
kie support hol
lvp move yor
mar move spa
nap move ion
nwy hold
pic move bel
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move con via convoy
sil support ber
spa/sc move por
stp/sc hold
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tun hold
tys move wes
ven move rom
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bar move nwy
bel support hol
ber move mun
bla support rum
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
gal support bud move rum
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
nap move rom
nth support bar move nwy
nrg support bar move nwy
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum move ser
sev support rum
sil move war
spa move por
stp/sc hold
swe move den
tun hold
tyr move mun
wes support por move mid
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move swe
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
remove stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank support con
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
bul support rum
bur support bel move ruh
con support ank
den support ber move kie
gal support rum
gre support bul
hol support kie
kie support nth move den
mar move spa/sc
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
por move mid
ruh move mun
sev move rum
spa move naf via convoy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move gal
wes convoy spa move naf
yor hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support con move bul
ank move con
ber move mun
bla support rum
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mar
con move bul
den move bal
gal move bud
gre support bul
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie support nth move den
mid move bre
naf move tun
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move bud
spa/sc move por
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
swe move nwy
tun hold
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
war move lvn
wes support naf move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
apu move nap
bla move rum
boh move sil
bre move mid
bur move mar
con move ank
den move bal
edi hold
gal move bud
gre support bul
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn move war
naf move tun
nwy move ska
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser move bud
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tun hold
ukr move gal
wes support naf move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support con
bal move swe
ber hold
bla move bul/ec
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move mar
con support ank
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move war
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie hold
mun support sil move ber
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser move bud
sil move ber
ska support bal move swe
smy support con
swe move nwy
tun hold
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
wes support naf move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
gal move vie
swe move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove fin
build Army lon
remove pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move bur
bla move bul/ec
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move gas
con support rum move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
gre support bul
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie move ber
lon hold
mun move sil
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
por move mid
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
ska hold
smy move ank
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tun hold
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wes move gol
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move sev
bal support kie move ber
bla support rum
bre move mid
bur support gas move mar
con support ank
gal support rum
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move yor
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move stp
por move spa/nc
ser support bul
sil support ber
ska hold
stp/nc move bar
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr move sev
vie support bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
Austria: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move sev
bal support kie move ber
bla move sev
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move par
con support ank
gal move bud
gre support bul
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
mid move iri
mar support pie
mun support ber
naf support tun
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sil move war
stp move mos
tun hold
tys support ion move tun
ukr move mos
vie move gal
wes move mid
yor hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support bla move sev
bal move den
bar move nrg
bla move sev
bud support rum
bul support rum
con move bla
gal support ukr move war
gre support bul
hol support kie
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie hold
mid move wes
mun support ber
naf support tun
nth move eng
nwy move stp
par move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
rum support vie move gal
ska move nth
stp move mos
tun hold
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie move gal
war move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
remove iri
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul support rum
con hold
den move bal
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gre move ser
hol support kie
kie hold
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun move ruh
naf support tun
nth move den
nrg hold
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie support gol move mar
rum support gal move ukr
sev hold
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tun hold
tys support tun
ukr support sev
vie move boh
war support gal move ukr
wes move gol
yor hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ukr move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
bla support sev
boh move sil
bul move con
bur move bel
con hold
den support kie
gas move mar
hol hold
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol move pie
mar hold
mos hold
naf support tun
nth support hol
nrg move bar
pie support mar
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev hold
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp move lvn
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war support ukr move mos
yor hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
bar move nwy
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support sev
bud move ser
bul move gre
con hold
den support ber move kie
gal move rum
hol support ber move kie
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
naf support tun
nth support hol
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move bul
sev hold
sil support kie move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
tri move ven
tun hold
tys move wes
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla support sev
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move mun
con hold
den support ber move kie
gre support bul
hol support ber move kie
kie move ber
lvn support pru move war
gol support wes
mar support pie
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
naf move tun
nth hold
nwy hold
pru move war
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev hold
sil support mun
stp hold
tun hold
tys move wes
ven move rom
war move pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bla support sev
bud move vie
bul support ser move rum
bur move mun
con hold
den support kie
gre support bul
hol move nth
ion convoy tun move apu
kie support bal move ber
lvn support pru move war
lvp move yor
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support war
naf move tun
nth move nrg
nwy hold
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom support tys move nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev hold
sil support mun
stp hold
tri move adr
tun hold
tys move nap
war support rum move ukr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support pru
bla support sev
bul support rum
bur move mun
con hold
den support kie
gre support bul
ion move aeg
kie support ber
lvn support pru move war
gol support wes move tys
mos support war
nap support adr move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg hold
nwy move bar
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
sev hold
sil support mun
stp move fin
tun hold
tyr support mun
ukr support rum
vie move boh
wes move tys
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bar support nwy move stp
ber support pru
bla support sev
boh support mun
bur move mun
con hold
den support kie
fin move swe
gre support bul
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn support nwy move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
nap support ven move rom
nth hold
nrg hold
nwy move stp
pie move tus
pru support lvn
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ukr move sev
sev hold
sil support war
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven move rom
war hold
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bul via convoy
bar support nrg move nwy
ber support pru
bla convoy arm move bul
boh support mun
bul support gre
bur move mun
con support arm move bul
den move bal
gre support bul
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn move mos
gol support tys
mos support sev
nap support ion move tys
nth hold
nrg move nwy
pie move tus
pru move war
ruh support bur move mun
rum support sev
sev support mos
sil support war
smy move aeg
stp support lvn move mos
swe hold
tun hold
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven support rom
war support mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bla move con
bal support nwy move swe
ber support pru
bla move con
boh support mun
bur move mun
con move ank
gre support bul
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn move mos
gol move tys
nap support ion move tys
nth hold
nwy move swe
pie support tus
pru move war
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
sev support mos
sil support war
stp support lvn move mos
swe move den
tri move adr
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ven support rom
war support mos
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tys move wes
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move eas
ank hold
bal move den
bar hold
ber support kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
con hold
den move nwy
gre support bul
kie support ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol convoy tun move tus
nap support tys
nth support bal move den
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil support war
stp move mos
swe hold
tun move tus via convoy
tus move pie
tys support adr move ion
ven support rom move tus
war support mos
wes convoy tun move tus
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar hold
ber support kie
boh support mun
bul move con
den move bal
ion support tys move tun
kie support ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn support pru move war
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
pru move war
sev hold
sil support war
stp move mos
swe hold
tus support ven move pie
tys move tun
ukr support mos
ven move pie
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army/dislodged tun
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bar hold
ber support den move kie
boh support mun
bul hold
den move kie
gre hold
ion hold
kie move hol
lvn move mos
nth support kie move hol
pie move tyr
pru support ber
sev hold
sil support war
stp support lvn move mos
swe move nwy
tun support tys
tus move pie
tys hold
ukr support mos
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar hold
ber support pru
boh support mun
bul move rum
den hold
gre move bul
hol support kie
ion support tys
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move war
nth hold
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
pru support lvn move war
sev move arm
sil support war
stp move mos
tri move alb
tun move wes
tyr support mun
ukr support mos
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move smy
bar support stp
ber move bal
boh support mun
bul move con
den move kie
hol move nth
ion move eas
kie move ber
lvn support pru
nth move bel
nrg move nat
pie move mar
pru support kie move ber
rum move sev
sil support war
tun support tys
tyr support mun
ukr support mos
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn
bar support stp
bel move pic
ber move sil
boh support sil
bud move gal
bul move con
gre move aeg
ion move eas
kie support ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move mos
mos move lvn
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move hol
pie move mar
pru support ber move sil
sev support mos
sil support mun
stp support lvn move mos
tun support tys
tyr support mun
ukr support war
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bal support lvn
bar hold
ber move sil
boh support sil
bul move con
eas move ion
gal support war
kie support ber
lvn move mos
mid move spa/sc
mun support sil
nth support hol
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru support ber move sil
sev support mos
sil support war
smy move ank
stp support lvn move mos
tun move naf
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ukr support war
war support sil
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support lvn
bar hold
ber move sil
boh move mun
bre move mid
con move ank
edi move bel via convoy
gal support sil
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon hold
lvn move mos
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move bel
pie move mar
pru support ber move sil
sev support mos
smy support con move ank
spa/sc move por
stp support lvn move mos
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support war
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
bar hold
bel move pic
ber move mun
boh support mun
bre move mid
gal support sil
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support pru move war
mun hold
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move bel
por move spa/sc
pru move war
sev support mos
stp support lvn
tys move gol
ukr support war
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
