PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move hol
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
gal move vie
hol hold
kie move den
mun move bur
pic move bel
rum move bul/ec
spa move mar
tys move tun
ukr move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla convoy con move rum
bul move gre
bur support pie move mar
con move rum via convoy
den move kie
eng hold
gal move bud
kie move ruh
mar support par move bur
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tys
sev hold
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tun move wes
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move rum
bud move ser
bur hold
con move bul
eng support bel
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move ber
mar support par move bur
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul/ec
tri support bud move ser
tys move gol
ven support pie move tyr
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support eng move pic
ber support mun
bur move par
con move bul
eng move pic
gal move bud
gre move ser
hol support ruh move bel
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move bel
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp move lvn
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
tri move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bud support vie move tri
bur support par move pic
con move bul
eng move bre
gre move ser
hol support bel
gol move spa/sc
mar move spa
par move pic
pic move bre
por support gol move spa
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eng
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move rum
bud move tri
con move bul
gre move ser
hol support bel
kie move hel
lvn move war
mos support ukr move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
por move spa/sc
rom move apu
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
spa/sc move gol
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move alb via convoy
arm move sev
bud move tri
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
gal move bud
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol move hel
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move den
gol support spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move sev
pic move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa/sc support gol
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre move ser
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bre move gas
bud support vie move tri
bur move ruh
con move bul
gal move boh
gre move ser
ion move adr
gol move mar
mar hold
mos move war
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
spa/sc support gol move mar
tyr support tri
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move bur
sev move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move tri
bel move hol
boh support vie move tyr
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move vie
gas support bur move mar
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
pru move ber
ruh support bel move hol
spa/sc support mar
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hel
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support bul move gre
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
den move kie
gal move vie
gre move bul
mar support spa/sc
mos move sev
nap move tys
nth move hel
rom move tus
rum hold
ser move rum
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar
tri support vie
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud support gal move vie
con move bul
den move kie
gal move vie
hel support den move kie
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
rum hold
ser support tri move bud
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar
tri move bud
tus move pie
tyr support vie
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move arm
boh support mun move tyr
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support gas move mar
gal move bud
gas move mar
hel support kie
hol move kie
mar move gol
mun move tyr
pie move mar
ruh support hol move kie
ser support bul move rum
sev move mos
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri move bud
tyr support vie
ven support tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move sil
boh support mun move tyr
bur move mar
gal move boh
gre move bul
hol move kie
gol support pie move mar
mid move bre
mun move tyr
pie move mar
ruh support hol move kie
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
spa/sc support pie move mar
tyr support gal move boh
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support gal move boh
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove hel
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
boh support tyr move mun
bud support rum move gal
bur move par
gal support sil move boh
gol move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun support sil move boh
rum support bud move gal
sev move mos
sil move boh
spa/sc support mar
tri support bud
tyr support boh
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie support boh
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
boh support bud move gal
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move gre
gal support war move ukr
ion hold
lvn support stp move mos
mar move bur
mun support sil move boh
pie move mar
sil move boh
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move mos
tri hold
tyr support boh
vie support boh
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
boh support bud move gal
bud move gal
bur support mar move gas
eng move bel
gal support sil move boh
gas move par
kie move ber
lvn move war
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos support war move ukr
mun support sil move boh
par move bre
ruh move bel
sev move mos
sil move boh
spa/sc hold
tyr support boh
ukr support sev move mos
vie support boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bur support gas move par
eng move bel
gal support war move ukr
gas move par
lvn move pru
mid move bre
mos support war move ukr
mun support sil move ber
par support ruh move bur
ruh move bur
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa/sc move mid
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie support boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move hol
boh support mun
bud support vie
bur support gas move par
gas move par
mid move eng
mun support boh
rom move tys
sev move mos
tri support bud
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
vie support boh
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
boh support vie
bre move eng
bud support tri
bur move bel
den hold
eng move nth
mos hold
mun support boh
tri support bud
tyr support mun
tys move wes
vie support boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla move con
con move bul
den move kie
mos move stp
par move bur
ruh move kie
ukr hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
boh move sil
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move smy
eng support nth move lon
mid move iri
mun support boh move sil
nth move lon
ruh support ber move mun
rum move gal
ser support bul move rum
stp hold
tri move vie
tyr support mun
ukr support rum move gal
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move kie
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move mun
den move kie
eng move wal
hol support ruh move kie
kie support ber move mun
lon move nth
mun support boh move sil
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
smy move eas
stp move nwy
ukr support sev move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
France: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber support sil move mun
boh support mun
bud support tri
bul hold
den move kie
eas hold
gre hold
hol move hel
iri support wal move lvp
kie support nth move den
mos hold
mun support boh
nth move den
nwy hold
rum hold
ser hold
sil move mun
tri support bud
tyr move vie
ukr hold
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
Italy: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
France: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
