PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move bla
bot move swe
eng move bre
gal move vie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bur
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support tri move ser
sev move bla
smy move ank
spa move mar
tri move ser
ukr move rum
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support pie move ven
bel support hol
ber move bal
bre hold
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
den hold
hol support bel
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ruh
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bre
pie move ven
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move con
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
ukr move rum
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move adr
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu support ven
bal support den move swe
bel support wal move pic
bla move rum
bre support wal move pic
bur move gas
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move vie
hol support bel
ion move adr
mid support par move bre
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bre
ruh move bur
smy move con
stp move mos
tri move ven
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move bud
wal move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
remove bot
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu hold
bal move bot
bel support hol
ber move pru
bla move rum
bre support par move pic
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move bul
eng support pic move bre
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre support bul move ser
hol support bel
ion move adr
mid hold
mar support gas move bur
mos move ukr
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par move pic
pic move bre
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move con
swe move fin
tri support bud move vie
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
bur move ruh
ser move alb
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
alb move ser
apu move tri
bel move pic
bla support ukr move rum
bot convoy fin move lvn
bre hold
bud move tri
bur move par
eng support bre
fin move lvn
gal move vie
gas move bre
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move alb
mid support gas move bre
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nwy support stp
pic hold
pru move war
ruh move bur
rum support alb move ser
ser support gre move alb
stp hold
tri support vie move bud
ukr move rum
ven support apu move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove pie
build Army rom
build Army smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move gre
ank move bla
bel support lon move pic
ber move pru
bot move swe
bre support lon move pic
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
edi hold
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move vie
hol move nth
ion move gre
lon move pic
lvn support war move mos
mos move stp
mun move sil
nwy support stp
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser support bul move rum
smy move con
stp hold
tri move ser
ven support tri
vie hold
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bre support pic move par
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
eng support bre
gal move war
gas move mar
ion convoy nap move gre
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mar move gas
nap move gre
nth move nrg
nwy support stp
par hold
pic move par
pru move war
rum move bud
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
smy move con
stp hold
swe move den
tri move vie
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
ber move sil
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
eng move mid
ion move gre
lon move eng
lvn move mos
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nap move tun
nth hold
nrg move nat
nwy support stp
par support bre move gas
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move boh
smy move aeg
stp hold
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud disband
gas move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
bla move sev
boh move vie
eng hold
gal support boh move vie
gas move spa
gre hold
lvn move mos
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth hold
nwy support stp
par move bur
rum support bla move sev
sev move mos
sil move boh
spa hold
stp support nwy
tyr move mun
ukr support lvn move mos
vie move bud
wes support spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move alb
ber move mun
boh support gal
bud support alb move tri
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
gas support por move spa/sc
ion support apu move alb
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
nth hold
nwy support stp
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
ser support alb move tri
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp hold
tri move adr
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie support mun move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre move ion
apu support ven
boh move vie
eng support iri move mid
gal support vie move bud
gas move spa
gre move ion
ion move gre
iri move mid
mos support ukr move sev
mun move sil
nth hold
pie move ven
spa/sc move wes
tyr support pie move ven
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion disband
sev move bla
ven disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bla move sev
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
gal move rum
ion move tun
mos support sev
mun move tyr
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support gal move rum
sil move gal
tri support ser move bud
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move tri
bud support gal move rum
edi move nrg
eng move pic
gal move rum
kie move hol
lon move hol
mid move spa/sc
mos support sev
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
rom support tyr move ven
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
sev support gal move rum
sil move war
spa move gas
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie support tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum disband
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet ber
build Army edi
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
ber move bal
bla move rum
bud move ser
bul support bla move rum
con move ank
den move nth
edi move nwy
gas move spa
ion move nap
kie move hol
lon move bel
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic support lon move bel
rom move nap
rum support bud move ser
ser support bla move rum
sev support rum
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ser move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
apu move ven
bal move swe
bel support pic
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul support alb move ser
bur move par
den support bal move swe
hol support ruh move bel
lvn move stp
gol support spa move mar
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
nat move lvp
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support stp
pic support bel
pie move ven
rom move nap
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bud move rum
spa move mar
stp hold
swe hold
tri move alb
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
