PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bud hold
bul support smy move con
bur move bel
con move ank
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
mun hold
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa move por
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bel support edi move hol
ber hold
bla support rum
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul support con
con support bul
den hold
edi move hol via convoy
gal move sil
gre hold
kie move hol
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support bud move tri
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tun move ion
ven hold
vie support bud move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con
apu move adr
bal support pru move ber
bar support nwy move stp
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla support rum
bot hold
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
con support bul
den move nth
gre move bul/sc
hol support nth move bel
ion support aeg move gre
kie support ber
mid hold
mun move sil
nth move bel
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pru support sil move ber
ser support tri
sil move ber
spa move mar
tri support vie move tyr
tus move pie
tyr support bur move mun
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
tyr move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pie
remove ruh
remove rum
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb support tri
ank move bla
bal move lvn
bar move nwy
bel move pic
ber hold
bla support bul
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
bul support gre
bur move bel
con support bul
edi move nth
gre support ion move alb
hol move kie
ion hold
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar move gas
mun move sil
nth move hol
pic support bur move bel
pru move lvn
ser support alb
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp support bar move nwy
tyr move vie
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bal hold
bel hold
ber move pru
bla hold
bot move stp/sc
bre support spa/sc move mid
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
eng support iri move mid
gal move rum
gas support bre
gre support ion move alb
hol move ruh
ion hold
iri move mid
kie move hol
nth support kie move hol
nwy move swe
pic support bel
pru support war
ser support tri
sil support ber move pru
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
ven support adr move tri
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pru move lvn
tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bal
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove stp/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
ank move bla
bel hold
bla support rum move bul
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move lon
gas move bur
gre support aeg
hol support mun move ruh
ion convoy nap move alb
iri move mid
lvn support war move mos
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move alb via convoy
nth hold
pic support bel
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum move bul
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tri hold
ven move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tri
ank move bla
bel hold
bla support rum move bul
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur support bel
con support bul
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
eng support spa/sc move mid
gre support aeg move ion
hol support ruh move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lon support edi move nth
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mos support lvn move stp
nth move nwy
pic move bre
por support spa/sc move mid
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
mid move iri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
bel support bur move ruh
ber support den move kie
bud support ser
bur move ruh
den move kie
eas move smy
edi move nrg
eng move iri
hol support kie
iri support lon move eng
kie support sil move mun
lon move eng
mid move nat
mos hold
nap hold
nth move hol
nwy move nth
pic support bel
por move mid
sev move arm
sil move mun
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
arm support smy
bel support ruh
ber support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud move tri
eng move bel
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie move hol
mid support bre move eng
nat move iri
nap move tys
nth support kie move hol
nrg move cly
nwy move ska
pic support bel
rom move nap
ruh support tyr move mun
ser support bud move tri
sil move mun
smy hold
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
vie support bud move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove pru
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move smy
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bre support mid move eng
bud move rum
cly move nat
edi move nrg
eng move pic
hol support lon move bel
iri support cly move nat
lon move bel via convoy
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nat move iri
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move swe
pic support bel
rom move ven
ruh move hol
ser support bud move rum
sil move ber
ska move den
smy move aeg
tri support ser
tys move gol
ven move adr
vie support tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
nat move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move mid
den support ber move kie
eng move wal
gre hold
hol support kie
iri support nat move mid
kie support hol
lon hold
gol move mar
mid move iri
mun support kie
nat move mid
nap hold
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bur
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move gre
smy support aeg move con
stp hold
swe support nth move den
tri support ser
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
wal move eng
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
mid move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
remove ruh
remove swe
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
bur support spa/sc move mar
con support smy move ank
den move nth
eng move wal
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support kie
iri support wal move eng
kie support hol
lon hold
mid move bre
mar move gol
mos move war
mun hold
nap move rom
nwy support den move nth
rom move tys
ser support tri
smy move ank
spa/sc move mar
stp move fin
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal move eng
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bel
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank hold
bel move eng
ber support hel move kie
bre support bel move eng
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
eng move bre
fin move swe
gre support con move bul
hel move kie
iri move eng
kie move den
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mid support eng move bre
mar move spa/sc
mun move boh
nth support hol
nwy support nth
rom support ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
ser support tri
sev move arm
tri support tyr
tyr support bur move mun
tys move gol
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lon
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
ank move arm
arm move smy
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
boh move gal
bul/ec move bla
gre move bul
kie move hol
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun move boh
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rom move ven
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ven move alb via convoy
vie support tri
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move eng
bla move rum
boh move gal
bot move bal
bre support bel move eng
den move swe
gal support bla move rum
gre support alb move ser
hol hold
iri move eng
kie move mun
lvn support pru move war
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mar move pie
nth move hol
nwy move stp/nc
par move gas
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh move bel
ser support tri
swe hold
tri support ven
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army nap
remove pie
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal move bot
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move wal
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre move bul
hol move nth
iri support nth move eng
kie move hel
lon support nth move eng
gol move mar
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move eng
por move mid
rom move tus
rum support gre move bul
ser support adr move tri
sev move arm
smy move con
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri support ven
ven support tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move smy
bel hold
bot move stp/sc
bre support wal move eng
bul support ser
con move smy
den move swe
edi move nth
eng move pic
gas support bre
hel support kie move den
hol move nth
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move eng
mid support lon move eng
mar hold
nwy support den move swe
rom support adr move ven
rum hold
ser hold
spa/sc move gol
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tus support adr move ven
tyr support ven
ukr move mos
ven support tri
wal move eng
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
remove lvp
build Army mun
build Army nap
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move ank
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move con
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nth
fin move swe
gas support bre
hel move nth
hol move bel
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid support lon move eng
mun move bur
nap move rom
nwy support edi move nth
pic support lon move eng
rom move tus
rum hold
ser hold
tri support bud move ser
tus move pie
tyr support ven
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
alb move ser
ank move con
bel move eng
bre move eng
bul support ank move con
bur move par
con hold
den move swe
eng support pic move bre
fin move swe
gal move rum
gas move mar
hel move hol
mid support pic move bre
mar hold
nap move apu
nth move hol
nwy support swe
pic move bre
pie move ven
rum move bla
ser hold
spa/sc move por
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy
tri support ven move tyr
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ven
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Austria: army/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
tyr move mun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Fleet kie
remove lvp
remove mid
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support ven move tri
apu support ven
bel support hel move nth
ber move pru
bla move con
bul hold
con move ank
den move swe
eng move bel
fin move stp
gas move bre
hel move nth
kie move hol
mar support por move spa
mos move stp
mun support tyr
nap move ion
nth support eng move bel
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
por move spa/nc
rom move tus
rum move ukr
ser move tri
smy move arm
tri move vie
tus move pie
ven support adr move tri
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move smy
apu support ven
arm move sev
bel move nth
bre move mid
bul support alb move ser
bur support mun
con support ank move smy
den move nwy
eng move bel
fin move stp
gas move par
hel support bel move nth
hol support bel move nth
ion move gre
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
pie support mar
pru move lvn
ser support vie move tri
spa/nc hold
swe support nth move den
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr support vie move tri
ukr support war move mos
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
ser move bud
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
remove bur
build Army edi
remove kie
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove sev
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
bel support nwy move nth
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
con move bla
den support nwy move nth
edi hold
fin move swe
gre move ion
hel move kie
hol move nth
lon support nwy move nth
mid move bre
mar move gol
mos hold
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy move nth
par move bre
pie move mar
rom move tus
ser support bul move rum
smy move arm
spa/nc move por
tri move adr
tus move pie
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu hold
arm move sev
bel support nth move hol
bla support arm move sev
bud support tri
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng support hol move nth
fin move nwy
hol move nth
ion move alb
kie move den
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar support gol move spa
mos move stp
mun support tyr
nth move hol
par move bre
pie move tyr
por support gol move spa
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
tus hold
tyr support tri
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven support adr move tri
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move hel
tri move vie
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
remove mun
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove tyr
remove ukr
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu move rom
bel support lon move eng
bla move rum
bud support vie
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move bre
hel support kie
hol support den move kie
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move bre
mar hold
mos hold
nap move apu
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
por support wes move mid
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev hold
spa/sc hold
stp move nwy
swe support den
tri move adr
tus move pie
ven move tri
vie support bud
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
mid move iri
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
apu move ven
bel support hol
bla support sev
bud support vie
bur move mun
den move kie
eng convoy wal move bre
hel move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos move sev
nth move hel
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
rom move tus
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev hold
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support bud
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
vie move boh
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
