PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move apu
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
apu move gre via convoy
arm move sev
bot move swe
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
eng support hel move nth
gal move rum
hel move nth
ion support apu move gre
kie move den
nap move tun via convoy
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
ruh move hol
ser move bul
sev move bla
spa move por
tri move alb
ukr support gal move rum
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move ven
bel hold
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul support sev move rum
con support ank move bla
den support swe
edi move nth
eng support nth move lon
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support den
lon hold
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move lon
nwy support edi move nth
por move spa
rum support bla move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
ska support swe move den
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
ukr support bla move sev
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ven
bel hold
bla move sev
bud support gal move rum
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
eng support lon
gal move vie
gre hold
kie support den
lon hold
gol move tys
mid move iri
nap move apu
nth support ska move den
nwy support swe
rum support bla move sev
ser support gre
sev hold
ska move den
spa hold
swe support nwy
tri move alb
ukr support sev
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
apu move nap
bel move wal via convoy
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud support alb move tri
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
eng convoy bel move wal
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
iri move lvp
kie move hel
lon move nth
mos move sev
mun move kie
nwy support swe move ska
rum support bla move sev
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
spa move mar
swe move ska
tys move wes
ukr support mos move sev
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move bla
bla support rum
bud support tri move vie
bul support gre
con move ank
den hold
eng move iri
gal support vie
hel support ska move nth
hol hold
ion move gre
kie support den
lon support ska move nth
lvp move cly
mid move nat
mar hold
mos move sev
nap hold
nwy move swe
rom support nap
rum hold
ser support gre move tri
ska move nth
tri move vie
tun hold
ukr support mos move sev
vie support gal
wal move lvp
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move arm
arm move bla
bla support rum
bud move vie
bul support rum
cly move edi
gal support ukr move rum
hel move kie
hol move ruh
iri move nat
kie move mun
lon hold
lvp support cly move edi
mid move spa/sc
nat move nrg
nap move apu
nth move bel
par move pic
rom move tys
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
smy move arm
swe move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel support nwy move nth
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
den move swe
edi move nth
gal support rum
ion move adr
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar hold
mun hold
nat move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy move nth
pic move bel
ruh support mun
rum support sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
spa/sc hold
tri move bud
tyr hold
tys move tus
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove gal
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
edi move nth
hol support pic move bel
lon move eng
lvp hold
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy support mos move stp
pic move bel
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev support rum move ukr
sil move war
spa/sc hold
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
bar move nwy
bel move hol
bla support rum
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
gal move boh
gre move ion
hol move hel
lvn move stp
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mun move sil
nth move den
nrg support bar move nwy
nwy support lvn move stp
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sev support ukr move mos
sil move pru
ska move swe
spa/sc move mid
tri support ser
tus move tys
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
mos move lvn
nwy move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army con
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre move pic
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support hol move kie
fin support stp
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move nap
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mid move eng
mos support rum move ukr
mun support boh move tyr
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev support mos
sil move ber
stp hold
swe move bal
tri support boh move tyr
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven move apu
vie support boh move tyr
war support lvn move pru
yor hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu move rom
bal support pru move ber
bla move con
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den move nth
fin move swe
gre move ion
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid move eng
mos support ukr move war
nap move rom
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
ser support vie move tri
sev move ukr
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move war
ven support adr move tri
vie move tri
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
mun disband
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
remove apu
build Fleet bre
remove lon
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move den
bel move hol
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move aeg
eas move smy
fin support stp move nwy
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun support ruh move kie
nap support ven move rom
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move bur
ruh move kie
rum move gal
ser move tri
smy support con move aeg
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move den
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
eas move smy
eng move nth
fin support nwy
gal move sil
hol move ruh
kie support mun move ber
lon hold
lvn move stp
mar move gol
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy support bal move swe
rom support tri move ven
ruh move mun
rum move gal
swe move den
tri move ven
tun support nap move tys
tyr move mun
ven move pie
war move pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove eas
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar support nrg move nwy
ber support bur move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
gal move war
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move den via convoy
gol move wes
mar hold
mos move stp
naf support gol move wes
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil support tyr move mun
smy move eas
stp move fin
swe support nrg move nwy
tun support tys move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven support pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
ber hold
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
den move swe
eas move ion
ion move nap
kie support ber
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support stp
mun support sil move ber
naf support mid move wes
nth move den
nwy support bar move stp
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sil support pru move ber
swe move fin
tun support tys move wes
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven support pie
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber move mun
boh support mun
bur support ber move mun
den move bal
fin move bot
gal move war
gas hold
hol hold
ion support tun
kie support ber move mun
lvn support stp
gol move tys
mar hold
mos support stp
mun support pru move ber
naf support wes
nap support tys
nwy support bar move stp
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support ber move mun
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
swe move fin
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr support mun
tys support tun
ven support pie
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bar support fin move stp
boh support tyr move mun
bot support fin move stp
bur support mun
fin move stp
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion support tun
kie move ber
lvn support stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun hold
naf support wes
nap support tys
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
rom move apu
ruh support mun
sil support ber
stp move nwy
tun support tys
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie support tyr
war move pru
wes support naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu support ven
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
hol move kie
ion support tun
kie move ber
lvn support mos
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
naf move tun
nap support tys
nwy move nth
par move gas
pie move tus
pru support ber
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
stp move lvn
tus support ven move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support lvn
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army/dislodged tus
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tus move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move sev
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
gas move spa
hol move nwy via convoy
ion support tun
kie move ber
lvn support mos
gol support tus move tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support kie move ber
naf move tun
nap support tys
nth convoy hol move nwy
pru support lvn
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
stp move lvn
tun support tys
tus move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support lvn
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal support ber
bar support stp
ber hold
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
gre hold
ion support tun
lvn move stp
gol support tus move tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support tys
nth move den
nwy move stp
par move pic
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
spa move mar
stp move lvn
tun support tys move wes
tus move tys
tyr support ven move pie
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support lvn
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bar support nwy move stp
ber hold
boh move mun
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
den move kie
gre move alb
ion support tun
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nap move tys
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
spa hold
stp move lvn
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Turkey: army/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move war
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
