PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move tun
arm move sev
bla move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move ruh
ion convoy apu move tun
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
spa move por
ven move apu
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu hold
bel support ruh move hol
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nth
hol move kie
ion move adr
lon move eng
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move spa
ruh move hol
sev move mos
smy move aeg
tun move naf
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
aeg move ion
apu move tri via convoy
arm move sev
bel support bre move eng
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
hel move hol
hol move kie
kie support hel move hol
lon move eng
nth move bel
pic move bur
tri move ven
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
France: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
mos move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
bel support bre move eng
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move yor
gre support bul move ser
hol support kie
ion support gre
kie support hol
lon move nth
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mos move sev
naf move tun
nap move apu
nth move hel
par move pic
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bla
sev support lvn move mos
stp/sc move lvn
swe move ska
tri move bud
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
apu move tri
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
bud hold
bul move rum
eng move nth
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser
hel support ska move den
hol support kie
iri support nth move eng
kie support hol
lvn move bal
mun support ruh move kie
nth move eng
pic move bel
ruh move kie
sev support mos
ska move den
spa move por
tri move ven
tun hold
ukr support bud move rum
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet lvp
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal move swe
bla move con
bud move vie
con move bul
den move kie
eng move wal
gre move alb
hel support den move kie
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri hold
kie support bel move hol
lon support eng move wal
mos move stp
nap hold
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
ukr move mos
ven move adr
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu move ion
bul move rum
con move aeg
hel move nth
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie move bal
lon hold
lvp move iri
mos move stp
nap move apu
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
stp support ukr move mos
swe hold
tri hold
tun hold
tys move rom
ukr move mos
vie hold
wal move eng
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
remove gal
build Fleet smy
remove vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bal support kie move ber
bud move vie
con move bul/sc
eng convoy lon move bel
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move stp
mid move spa/sc
mos move war
nap hold
nth support lon move bel
rom move tys
rum move gal
ser move tri
smy move aeg
swe hold
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr move pie
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bul/sc move gre
gal move boh
lvn move stp
mid move por
naf move tun
nap move apu
pie move mar
smy move eas
spa/sc support mid move por
swe hold
tys move tun
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove naf
build Fleet smy
remove swe
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move gre
ank move arm
apu move gre via convoy
bal move swe
bel support lon move pic
boh move sil
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move ion
ion move tun
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move war
lvp move yor
mar hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
por move mid
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tys move nap
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move gre
aeg move ion
apu move gre via convoy
arm move sev
bel move bur
boh move mun
bul move ser
eas move aeg
eng support mid move bre
ion move tys
mid move bre
mar hold
mos move stp
nth convoy yor move hol
pru support sil move war
sil move war
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move nwy
tyr move boh
war hold
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
