PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
den hold
edi move hol via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser move gre
smy move ank
spa hold
tus move pie
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bla support rum
con support bul
den hold
edi move yor
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie hold
por move mid
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe support nwy move ska
tri move ser
tun move wes
tyr move boh
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bla support rum
bud support ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur move bel
con support bul
den move ska
gal move sil
gas move bur
gre support ser move bul
hel support ska move den
hol hold
ion move aeg
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mun hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic support bur move bel
pie hold
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
ska move den
swe move nwy
tri support ser
tyr move ven
tys move gol
war move pru
wes hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel support yor move hol
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud support ser
bur support mar
con support bul
den support hel move kie
gre support ser move bul
hel move kie
hol support kie
ion move eas
kie hold
lvp move iri
mar support spa/sc
mun support kie
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move par
pie move spa via convoy
pru move ber
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support bre move mid
swe move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
wes support pie move spa
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support gre
ank move smy
bal move swe
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla support sev move arm
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul support ion move gre
bur support mar
con move aeg
den support hel move kie
eas move smy
gre support ser move bul
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move gre
iri support mid
kie hold
gol convoy pie move spa
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun move ber
nth support den
par move gas
pie move spa via convoy
ruh support kie
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil support ber
spa/sc support mid move wes
ven move pie
wes support pie move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove ruh
build Army sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
ank move smy
arm move ank
bel move ruh
ber support sil move mun
bla support arm move ank
bud support ser
bul move gre
bur support mar
den support kie move bal
eas move smy
edi move nrg
gas support spa/sc
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion support bul move gre
iri move mid
kie move bal
lon move nwy via convoy
gol support wes move spa
mid move naf
mar hold
mun hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
ven move tus
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
mun disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bal move ber
ber support mun
bla support rum move bul
bot move swe
bud support ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den move swe
eas move smy
gas support mar
gre move bul
ion move nap
kie support bal move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar hold
mun hold
naf support mid move wes
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy support den move swe
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
spa/sc move gol
tus move ven
wes move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
mun move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove con
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove pie
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bar support nwy move stp
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move nth
eas move aeg
edi hold
gas move mar
kie move ber
lon move yor
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf support mid move wes
nap move rom
nwy move stp
pru move war
ser support gre
sil move boh
smy hold
spa/sc support bre move mid
swe support ber move bot
tri move adr
ven move rom
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar move stp/nc
ber move bal
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bot move lvn
con support bla move bul
eas support adr move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
gre support ser
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie support tyr move ven
rum support gal move bud
ser support vie move tri
smy hold
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
swe support ber move bal
tun move wes
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie move tri
war move mos
wes support naf move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove eas
remove ion
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
remove rom
build Army sev
remove tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bar support stp
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud support rum move ser
bul/ec move bla
bur move mun
con move bul
gre support ser
lon move den via convoy
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos hold
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move ukr
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
stp support bal move lvn
swe move bot
tri support ser move bud
tun support wes move tys
tys move nap
ven support mar move tus
vie support bud
war hold
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move rum
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud support ukr move gal
bul move gre
bur move mun
den move kie
gal move war
gre move alb
lvn move bal
gol move tys
mos hold
mun move sil
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move den
pru support gal move war
ser support bul move gre
smy hold
stp move mos
swe move lvn via convoy
tri move vie
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tyr move boh
tys move rom
ukr move gal
ven support tys move rom
vie hold
war hold
wes move tun
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
bal hold
bar hold
boh support sil move gal
bot move swe
bud support ser move tri
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support mos move war
gre hold
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lvn support war move mos
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pru support sil move war
rom move nap
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move gal
smy hold
stp support war move mos
tri move vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support rom move nap
ukr support mos move war
ven support mun move tyr
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
nap disband
tri disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bal convoy kie move lvn
bar support stp
ber support sil
bla move con
boh move vie
bud support tri
gal support vie
ion move gre
kie move lvn via convoy
lvn move war
gol move tys
mos support lvn move war
nap hold
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
pru support lvn move war
rom hold
rum move sev
sev move arm
sil move mun
stp support mos
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support gal
ven support tyr move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gre
France: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
England: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
gre move bul
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm move syr
bal convoy swe move pru
bar support stp
ber support pru move sil
boh move gal
bud move ser
con move bla
den move nth
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
gre support rom move alb
ion convoy rom move alb
lvn support war
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pru move sil
rom move alb via convoy
sev move arm
smy move ank
stp support mos
swe move pru via convoy
tyr move ven
tys convoy rom move alb
ven move rom
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb support rom move gre
apu move adr
bal hold
bar hold
ber move sil
bur move mun
eas move smy
gal move vie
gre move aeg
ion convoy rom move gre
lvn support stp move mos
gol hold
mos move sev
nth hold
nrg hold
nwy move stp
pru support war
rom move gre via convoy
sil move boh
stp move mos
tyr move tri
tys convoy rom move gre
ven support tyr move tri
vie move boh
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
France: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army par
remove ser
remove vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
England: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support mar move gre
alb support gre move ser
bal move kie
bar hold
ber hold
edi move bel via convoy
gal support sev move rum
gre move ser
ion convoy mar move gre
lvn move war
gol convoy mar move gre
mar move gre via convoy
mos support war move ukr
mun move tyr
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg hold
par move bur
pru move sil
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move con
stp support mos
tri support gre move ser
tys convoy mar move gre
ven move apu
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
France: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ukr disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Russia: supply ser
France: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support con
alb support apu move gre
apu move gre via convoy
bar hold
bel hold
ber support sil move mun
boh move vie
bur hold
con support gre move bul
gal support rum
gre move bul
ion convoy apu move gre
kie hold
gol hold
mos support ukr move sev
nth hold
nrg hold
rum support tri move bud
ser support gre move bul
sil move mun
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tyr move tri
tys hold
ukr move sev
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
remove arm
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move smy
bar hold
bel hold
ber move mun
con move ank
edi move hol via convoy
kie hold
lon hold
lvn move mos
lvp move nat
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg hold
sev support mos move ukr
vie hold
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: army alb
France: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bar hold
bel hold
boh support vie
hol hold
kie hold
lon hold
mos support sev
mun hold
nat hold
nth hold
nrg hold
sev hold
ukr move gal
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: army alb
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
remove syr
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
France: army alb
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
