PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bre
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move con
bot move swe
bre hold
bul move gre
con move bul
eng hold
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri hold
ukr move rum
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move sil
bla move con
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
eng convoy lon move pic
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
kie move bal
lon move pic via convoy
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
stp/sc move fin
tri hold
tun move naf
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move ank
bal move den
bel move lon
bla move sev
bre hold
bud move rum
bul hold
bur hold
con move sev via convoy
den move edi
eng convoy bel move lon
fin move bot
gre support bul
hol move bel
lon move yor
mar support bur move spa
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth convoy den move edi
nwy support swe
ser support bul
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
tri move vie
tys move wes
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
remove nth
build Fleet tri
remove yor
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bul move con
bel support lon move pic
ber support kie move bal
bla move ank
bot move swe
bre move par
bud support vie move tri
bul move con
bur move gas
con support bla move ank
den support kie move bal
edi move lvp
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move aeg
kie move bal
lon move pic
mid support wes move spa
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nwy move stp
pie move mar
ruh move bur
ser move bul
sev move arm
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tri move adr
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
arm move smy
bal move den
bel move nth
ber move bal
bla support con move sev
bud move tri
bul support aeg move con
bur move mar
con move sev via convoy
den move ska
eng move bre
gas support par
lvp hold
mid move gas
mun support bur
pic move par
pie support ven
por support mar move spa
rum move gal
ser support bud move tri
sev move ukr
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move apu
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove mar
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu move nap
bal support kie move den
ber support bal
bre move eng
bul support con
bur move mar
con hold
gal move boh
kie move den
lvn move pru
lvp move yor
mid move por
mun support bur
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move nrg
pic move par
pie support ven
ser move bud
ska support nth move nwy
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
ukr move gal
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move bla
bal move swe
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bud move rum
bul move gre
con hold
den support bal move swe
eng move iri
gal move war
ion move adr
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap hold
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pic move bre
pie move tyr
por support spa/sc
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
ska support nwy
smy move ank
tyr support mun
ven move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
remove gas
remove iri
build Army kie
remove nrg
build Army vie
remove war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
ank support bla move con
ber move pru
bla move con
boh support sil move gal
bre move gas
bud move gal
con move ank
den move swe
gre move bul
kie support ber
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap hold
nwy move bar
par move bur
pru move war
rum move ukr
sil move gal
ska move nwy
swe move bal
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie support bud move gal
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank support con move smy
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
boh support sil move gal
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move bel
con move smy
gas move par
kie move ruh
mar move spa
mun move sil
nap support ven move rom
nwy move stp/nc
pru move ber
sil move gal
smy support bul move con
stp move mos
swe move lvn
tri move ven
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army kie
remove pie
remove sil
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move con
bal move den
bar move nwy
ber move kie
bud move rum
con move ank
ion move gre
kie move mun
lvn move war
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move sil
par move gas
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh move bel
sev move ukr
smy support ank move con
stp/nc hold
tri move adr
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wal hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Austria: army/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bul
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
arm support rum move sev
bul support alb move gre
con move bul
den move nth
gal move war
gas move bre
gre move bul/sc
kie move hol
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun support sil
nwy move nrg
ruh support kie move hol
rum move sev
sev move arm
sil move war
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc hold
tus move pie
tyr hold
ukr move rum
wal hold
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bel move pic
ber move pru
bul support sev move rum
con move bul
gal move bud
gas move bre
hol hold
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
mar move spa
mos support sil move war
mun hold
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie hold
ruh hold
rum support con move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move con
stp/nc hold
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
wal hold
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
ber move sil
bre move par
bud move rum
bul move con
con support rum move bul
eng move bre
gal support rum
gre hold
hol move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
mid move iri
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move tun via convoy
pic move par
pie hold
pru move lvn
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move nwy
ukr support mos move sev
vie move gal
wal hold
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
