PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mar
con support bul
eng move bre
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move nwy
pie move mar
ser move tri
sev move rum
stp move nwy
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber support mun
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move pic
con move bul
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move bel via convoy
mar support spa move gas
mos move ukr
nth move nwy
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev support rum move bla
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move bla
arm move smy
ber move sil
bla support sev move arm
bre hold
bul hold
con move bul
edi move nrg
gas move bre
gre move ion
hol support bel
lon move bel via convoy
mar move pie
mos move sev
nth hold
nwy support swe
pic support gas move bre
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
sev move arm
swe support nwy
tri support adr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ukr move rum
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
remove nrg
build Army par
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
bud hold
bul move con
con move bul
den support hol move nth
eng support lon move bel
hol move nth
ion move nap
kie move hel
lon move bel via convoy
gol support pie move mar
mar support por move spa
nth support lon move bel
nwy support swe
par move gas
pic move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
sev move arm
sil move boh
smy hold
swe support nwy
tri move ven
ven move adr
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
arm move smy
bla support ank move con
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul support ank move con
bur move mar
con move bul
den support hel move nth
eng support lon move bel
gas support por move spa
hel move nth
lon move bel via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mun move tyr
nth move edi
nwy support swe
por move spa/sc
ska move nth
smy move ank
swe support nwy
tyr support bud move vie
ukr move mos
ven move rom
war hold
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove gol
build Army sev
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bla move arm
bud hold
bul hold
bur support gas move mar
con move ank
edi move cly
eng convoy lon move bre
gas move mar
ion support nap move tys
kie move ruh
lon move bre via convoy
mar support wes move spa
mos move lvn
mun support boh
nap move tys
nth support bel
nwy move swe
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
sev move ukr
smy support con move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tri move alb
tyr hold
vie support tyr
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
arm move bla
bal support swe move den
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move mun
cly move lvp
den support ruh move kie
eng convoy lon move bre
ion move tun
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move pru
mar hold
mun move ber
nth support den
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
ruh move kie
smy move ank
swe move den
tyr support bur move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lon
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
remove tus
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bal support sil move ber
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move sil
bre support par move pic
bud hold
bul hold
con move ank
eng move mid
gal support vie move boh
ion hold
kie support ber
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nth support den
nwy move ska
par move pic
por move mid
pru support sil move ber
sil move ber
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
boh move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal support swe move den
ber hold
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move bel
eng move mid
gal hold
ion hold
iri move mid
kie support den
gol support pie move mar
mun support kie
nth support den
nwy support ska move nth
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support ber
ruh move hol
sev move ukr
ska move nth
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr move mun
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
mun move bur
nth move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eng
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber move kie
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh move mun
bre move gas
bud hold
bul support ser move rum
bur move par
den support kie
gal move boh
hol support bel move ruh
ion move tys
iri move eng
kie support den
lon move nth
gol move wes
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy move nrg
pic move par
pru move ber
ser move rum
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nth move den
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move bel
den move hel
rum disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support kie
ber support kie
boh hold
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support mun move ruh
den support kie
eng support bel
gas move spa
hel move nth
hol support ruh move kie
kie support den
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pic move par
pie move mar
por support gas move spa
ruh move kie
rum move bud
sev move bla
swe support den
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move sev
war move ukr
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla move sev
boh support mun
bud move tri
bur support ruh move bel
den move nth
eng support nth
gas support por move spa
hel support bel move hol
ion move aeg
kie support bal move den
gol support spa
mid move por
mar move gas
mos move lvn
mun support bur
nth support bel move hol
nrg move cly
nwy support den move nth
par move bre
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
ser hold
sev move ukr
spa support mid move por
stp/nc move bar
swe support bal move den
ukr move war
vie hold
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move den
bar move nrg
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move par
bur support bel
cly move lvp
den move ska
eng move bel
gas support bre move par
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
kie move hol
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar support spa move gas
mun support bur
nth move den
nwy move nth
por hold
ruh support hel move kie
ser move tri
spa move gas
swe support bal move den
tri move tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move bre
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre support par move pic
bud hold
bur move par
den support ber move kie
eng move bel
gas support mid move bre
hol support eng move bel
ion hold
lvn move war
lvp move wal
mid move bre
mar support gas
mun move ruh
nth support eng move bel
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par move pic
por support wes move mid
sev move rum
sil move ber
ska support nwy move nth
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
vie hold
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
kie move hel
nth move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre support par move pic
bud move ser
bur support ruh move bel
den move hel
gas move par
hel support hol
hol support bel
ion hold
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move iri
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nth move lon
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
par move pic
pic support bel
por move mid
ruh move bel
sil move ber
ska support nwy move nth
swe move den
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
vie move tyr
wal support nth move lon
war support ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Germany: fleet/dislodged lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
lon move yor
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eng
remove hel
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support den move kie
boh support mun
bre move eng
bud hold
bur support bel
den move kie
edi move nrg
ion hold
iri support bre move eng
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid move nat
mos move lvn
mun support ruh
nth support kie move hol
par move bre
pic support bel
pie move ven
ruh support mun
ser hold
sev move rum
sil support ber
ska move den
stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tyr support mun
ukr support sev move rum
vie hold
wal move lvp
war support sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre hold
bud hold
bur support bel
eng hold
ion move aeg
iri support eng
kie support hol
mun hold
nat hold
nth support hol
pic support bel
ruh support mun
ser move bul
sil support ber
tri move ser
tyr support mun
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie hold
war support sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
