PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move bel
den hold
eng support bur move bel
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mar move spa
nth support wal move lon
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support tri
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support par move bur
ber move pru
bla support sev move rum
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
den move ska
eng move wal
gal move ukr
gre move alb
hol move ruh
kie move hel
lon hold
mos support gal move ukr
mun move sil
nap move apu
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri
apu move adr
bel move wal
bla support sev move rum
bud support ser move tri
bur move bel
con move bul
eng convoy bel move wal
hel move nth
ion support apu move adr
lon hold
mos move sev
nth move bel
nrg move nat
pru support sil move war
ruh move mun
rum support mos move sev
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move war
ska support hel move nth
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove nat
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support tri
ank move arm
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur move bel
edi move nth
eng move wal
gre move ion
ion hold
lon move bel
lvp move cly
mun move sil
nth move nwy
par move bur
por move spa
pru move lvn
rum move gal
ser support tri
ska support nth move nwy
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wal move yor
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bud support alb move tri
bur move mun
cly move edi
eng support wal move lon
gal move boh
gre move alb
ion move alb
kie move den
lon move hol
lvn move stp
nth support lon move hol
nwy support ska move swe
rum support arm move sev
ser support alb move tri
sil move war
ska move swe
spa move gas
tri hold
tyr support tri
vie support alb move tri
wal move lon
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mar
remove nth
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ber support kie move mun
bla convoy con move rum
boh support tri move tyr
bre move pic
bud support vie
con move rum
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng support lon move nth
gas move bur
gre move alb
hol support mun move kie
kie move mun
lon move nth
mos hold
mun move kie
nwy move ska
par hold
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move ven
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bal move den
ber support kie move mun
bla support rum move sev
boh support mun
bud support ser move tri
bur support mun
den move kie
edi move nwy
eng support nth
gal support ukr move war
hol move kie
ion move alb
kie move mun
lvn move war
mar support bur
mos support lvn move war
mun support hol move kie
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move pic
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser move tri
sil support kie move mun
ska support bal move den
tri hold
tyr move ven
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
kie move ruh
tri disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
remove ruh
remove ska
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support ion move gre
bal support ber move kie
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur support mun
den support ber move kie
eng move nth
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
kie support mun
lvn move war
mar support bur
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par move pic
pic move bel
rom support ven
sev move mos
sil support lvn move war
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal support den
bel move hol
bul/sc support ion move gre
bur support mun
den support kie
fin support nwy move swe
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie support sil move mun
lvn move war
mid hold
mar move pie
mos support lvn move war
mun support hol move kie
nth support ska move den
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie support tri move ven
rom support ven
ruh support hol move kie
ser support gre move bul/sc
sev move mos
sil move mun
ska move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
kie move ber
mos move stp
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove den
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel move nwy
ber move pru
bre move pic
bul/sc move gre
bur support mun
con move aeg
fin support bel move nwy
gal move war
gre support aeg move bul/sc
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support gal move war
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy bel move nwy
par support bur
pie move tus
rom support ven
ruh support mun
ser support bul/sc move gre
ska move den
smy support con move aeg
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move tri
bal move bot
ber support kie
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
fin support nwy move stp
ion move aeg
kie support ber
lvn support pru move war
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nwy move stp
par move gas
pic move bel
pru move war
rom support ven
ruh support kie
ser move alb
smy move con
stp move mos
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie move tri
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Germany: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
