PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
stp/sc move lvn
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move swe
gal support bul move rum
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move bot
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move bel
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
spa move por
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move nwy via convoy
ber support kie
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bre move gas
bul move rum
con support bul
den move kie
eng move nth
gal move bud
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lvp move wal
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy bel move nwy
par support mun move bur
pic move bre
por move spa
rum hold
ser support vie move tri
sev support rum
swe move den
tri move bud
tun hold
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support tun move gre
alb support tun move gre
arm move sev
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bul support gre
bur hold
con move smy
den support kie
eng move bel
gal move vie
gas move mid
gre move ion
ion convoy tun move gre
kie support ber
mun support ruh
nth support nwy
par support bur
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser move alb
sev hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support ser
tun move gre via convoy
tyr move ven
ukr support sev
wal move eng
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb move ser
arm move smy
bel support wal move eng
ber support mun
bla convoy bul move rum
bud support ser
bul move rum via convoy
gre move bul
ion hold
kie move hol
lon move nth
mun move bur
nth move ska
nwy move stp
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie support tri
wal move eng
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move ser
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support alb move ser
bur hold
con move bul
den move nth
eng support bel
fin move swe
hol move bel
ion move gre
mid move nat
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par support bur
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser move alb
sev move arm
ska support fin move swe
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tri support ser move alb
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move ser
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla support con
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul support alb move ser
bur move bel
den support kie
eng move mid
gas support par move bur
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
kie support mun
mun move bur
nat move lvp
nth move nwy
par move pic
rom support ven
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser hold
sev move arm
ska move swe
smy move ank
stp move fin
swe move lvn
tyr move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb move gre
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
eas move smy
eng move bre
fin support bot move stp
gas move bur
hol move bel
kie support mun
mun move bur
nat move cly
nwy support ska move swe
pic support bur move bel
rom support ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser move alb
sev support rum
ska move swe
smy move ank
swe move fin
tri support ser move alb
tyr move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
smy move con
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ser
arm move ank
bel move nth
bla move ank
bre move mid
bur support pic
cly move edi
con support bul
eng move wal
fin move stp
gas move par
gre support ser move bul
kie move den
lvp move cly
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy hol move edi
nwy support swe
pic support bur
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum support alb move ser
ser move bul
sev move arm
ska support bel move nth
smy support aeg move con
stp/sc move fin
swe support nwy
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bla
bla move ank
bud move vie
bul support gre move ser
bur move bel
cly move edi
con move ank
den move kie
edi move yor
fin move nwy
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion move adr
mid move eng
mun move sil
nth support cly move edi
nwy support nth
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bud
ser hold
sev move rum
ska move den
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
swe support ska move den
tri support ser
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
wal move eng
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
tri disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
remove hel
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
arm move ank
bla move bul/ec
bot move swe
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bla
den move nth
fin move stp
hol move bel
kie support hol
lon support nth move eng
mid move iri
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
rom move tus
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bud
ser move bud
sil move mun
smy move con
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal move iri
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
bla move sev
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move bel
con support bla move ank
eng move mid
gal support bud
hol move bel
kie move den
mid hold
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bre
pic support bur move bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum hold
ser move bud
smy support con
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri support ser move bud
tus move gol
tyr move boh
tys move wes
vie move gal
wal move iri
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove boh
remove iri
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move stp/sc
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mar
con move bla
edi move yor
eng move nth
gal move war
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon support edi move yor
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
nth move den
nwy support swe
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
rom move tys
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
sev move rum
smy move con
stp move mos
swe support nth move den
tri move ser
tyr move boh
ven move tri
vie move gal
wes support gol move spa
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
boh move sil
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move bul/ec
den move kie
gal support rum
hol support bel
iri move eng
lon move eng
mar support mun move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move hel
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
rum support gal
ser support rum
smy move con
spa/sc move por
stp/sc hold
swe move fin
tri move vie
tun move naf
tys move gol
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
remove gas
remove iri
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support bur move pic
ber move kie
bul/ec move bla
bur move pic
con support bul/ec move bla
edi move nth
fin move stp
gal move sil
gre move bul
hel move hol
hol support ber move kie
kie support hel move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
gol support ven move pie
mar move bur
mos support ukr move sev
naf hold
nap move tys
nwy support fin move stp
par move bur
pic move bre
por move spa/nc
rom move ven
rum move gal
ser move rum
sil move pru
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc move fin
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sev move arm
stp move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bla support con move ank
boh support sil move mun
bul move rum
con move ank
eng support nth move bel
hel move hol
kie support hel move hol
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
mos move stp
naf move mid
nth move bel
nwy support stp
par support bre
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move mun
spa/nc support naf move mid
tys move wes
ven move tyr
war hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
