PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move bre
gal support rum
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar hold
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
pie support ven
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
tri move bud
ukr move sev
ven support pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
bel hold
bla move sev
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
kie move hel
mar move gas
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move nwy
par hold
pie support ven move tyr
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum support sev move bla
ser move rum
sev move bla
swe move nwy
tun move wes
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm support bla move sev
bel hold
bla move sev
bre hold
bud move gal
bul support ser move rum
bur move gas
edi move nrg
gal move vie
gas move bre
hel move den
hol hold
kie move mun
mid support gas move bre
nth move nwy
par support gas move bre
pie move mar
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move boh
swe move nwy
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ukr move gal
vie support bud move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre move eng
gal move war
rum disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move bla
bel move pic
ber move mun
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul hold
con move ank
den move kie
gal move ukr
hol move bel
ion move tys
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mun move bur
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par support bre move gas
rom move tys
rum support gal move ukr
sev hold
sil move gal
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tyr move boh
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ukr move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel move eng
bla move con
boh support tyr
bud move gal
bur move mar
gal hold
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
mun hold
nth move ska
pic move bre
rom move tys
rum support ukr
sev move bla
spa/sc support mid move por
swe hold
tyr support boh
ukr support bud move gal
vie support bud move gal
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support sev
boh hold
bre support bur move par
bul hold
bur move par
con move aeg
gal support ukr move war
gre hold
ion move tys
mos move sev
mun move ber
nwy support ska move swe
por move spa/nc
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support war
ska move swe
spa/sc move mid
swe move bot
tyr support boh
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tus
war support sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support sev
ber move mun
bla move con
boh move sil
bot move stp/sc
bre move pic
bul hold
eng move nth
gal move war
kie move bal
mid move nat
mar hold
mos support war
par hold
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/nc move mid
tyr move boh
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
war support mos
wes hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove pru
remove stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move bot
ber support mun
boh move tyr
gal move war
kie support mun
lvn support mos
mid convoy tus move lvp
mos support lvn
nat convoy tus move lvp
nth move eng
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
sev move mos
sil move boh
swe move fin
tus move lvp
tys convoy tus move lvp
ukr support sev move mos
vie hold
war move pru
wes convoy tus move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support mun
boh support tyr
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
con move aeg
eng support bre
fin move stp/sc
ion convoy gre move gas
kie move ruh
lvn support bot move stp/sc
lvp move edi
mid move iri
mos hold
mun hold
nat move lvp
par support bre
pru move lvn
sev move mos
tyr support boh
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
vie move gal
war support sev move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber hold
bot move swe
bre hold
con move bla
edi move yor
eng move lon
gal move sil
iri move wal
kie move den
lvn support bot move stp/sc
lvp move cly
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move tys
par support bre
pru support war move lvn
ruh support mun
sev move mos
ukr move war
ven move pie
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
ber hold
bla move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bul move gre
cly move edi
den move bal
eng move lon
ion convoy gre move gas
lvn move pru
mid convoy gre move gas
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
par support bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
stp move nwy
swe hold
tyr move mun
tys convoy gre move gas
wal move lon
wes convoy gre move gas
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bul move con
bur support tyr move mun
con move ank
edi move nth
eng hold
gre move bul
kie support mun
lon move eng
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun hold
par support bre move gas
pru support ber
ruh support mun
sev move bla
sil support tyr move mun
stp move fin
swe move den
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven move rom
vie support boh
war support pru
wes convoy gre move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
ank move sev
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support mun
bul move gre
bur support mar move gas
con move bul
fin move nwy
lon move eng
mar move gas
mun support ber move kie
nth move den
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
stp support fin move nwy
tun move naf
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh move mun
bur support gas move par
gas move par
kie move hol
lon move eng
mun move ruh
naf move wes
nap move apu
nth move bel
nwy move swe
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
tri move adr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu hold
ber support kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bur move ruh
con move sev
ion move tys
kie support hol
lon hold
mid move eng
mun support bur move ruh
rom move tus
stp move nwy
swe move den
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
bla convoy con move sev
bre hold
con move sev
den move kie
kie support swe move den
lon move nth
mos move lvn
nap move ion
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move tys
sev move ukr
swe move den
tys move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
bel move nth
bur move mar
den hold
kie hold
nap move ion
nth move nrg
ruh move bel
swe hold
tus move rom
tys move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet con
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
apu support ven
bla move sev
con move aeg
gol move tys
mun support tyr
nap move ion
rom move tus
sev move mos
swe move nwy
tyr support mun
ven support apu
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
