PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bot move swe
den hold
eng move bel
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move tun
nth move nwy
pic support eng move bel
ruh move hol
sev move rum
sil move boh
tys move tun
ven move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
boh move vie
edi move nth
hol move ruh
kie move hel
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move war
nap move apu
nwy move ska
par move pic
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
rum move bla
sev hold
spa move mar
swe move bot
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move alb
bel support lon move hol
ber hold
bla hold
boh move vie
bot move swe
bur move mun
gal move vie
hel move hol
ion move gre
lon move hol via convoy
mar support par move bur
nth support ska
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh hold
rum move ser
ska support nth
spa/sc move gol
tus move pie
ven move apu
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
bel support lon move hol
bla move bul/ec
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur move mun
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hol hold
lon move hol via convoy
gol move tys
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move ber
nap move apu
nth support lon move hol
pic move bur
pie hold
ruh move mun
ser support bla move bul
sev move bla
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move rom
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move mun
bul/ec support bla move con
bur move mun
gal support rum move bud
mid move wes
mar hold
nth move den
pic support bur
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser hold
sev move arm
ska support nth move den
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove hel
remove hol
build Army par
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber support bur move mun
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur move mun
con support arm move ank
den move kie
gal support bud move vie
hol hold
mar hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
ska move nth
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ven move pie
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy pru move den
bel move hol
ber support kie
bot support bal
bur support mun
gal support vie
hol move nth
ion move nap
kie support nth move hol
lon move bel via convoy
mid move wes
mar hold
mun support ber
nth support bel move hol
pic support bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ukr move rum
ven support tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal convoy pru move swe
bel move lon
bot support bal
bul/ec move bla
bur move ruh
con move aeg
gal move boh
hol support lon move bel
kie move den
lon move bel via convoy
mar hold
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth support lon move bel
par move bur
pic move bel
pie support tyr
rom move nap
rum move bul
stp/nc move bar
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move rom
vie support gal move boh
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal hold
bar move nrg
bel move lon
bla move con
boh support pru move sil
bot move swe
bur move bel
edi move cly
hol move bel
ion move gre
mar move pie
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth support hol move bel
pic support bur move bel
pie support tyr
pru move sil
rom move nap
ruh support mun
ser move tri
tyr move mun
tys support nap move rom
ven support rom move tus
vie support ser move tri
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove pie
build Army stp
remove tus
remove tyr
remove ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal support swe move den
bel move hol
boh support sil
bre move eng
bur support mun
cly move edi
con move aeg
eas support con move aeg
gre hold
hol move bel
mar move pie
mun support ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support stp move nwy
par move gas
pic support hol move bel
ruh support mun
sil hold
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven move rom
war support sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal move swe
boh support sil
bul hold
bur support mun
den move hel
eas support aeg
eng move iri
gas move mar
ion support gre
lon move hol via convoy
lvp support edi
mun move tyr
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move ven
ruh support mun
sil hold
ska support nth move den
tri hold
ven move rom
vie support tri
war support sil
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove tyr
remove ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
bur move mun
edi hold
ion support gre
iri move nat
lvp support edi
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move bur
pie move ven
ruh support mun
ska move den
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh move tyr
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
eas support aeg
hel support swe move den
hol move kie
ion support gre
lon move bel via convoy
mar support pie
mun move ber
nth move hol
nrg move cly
pie move ven
rom hold
ruh move mun
smy move con
swe move den
tri support boh move tyr
tyr support pie move ven
ven move rom
vie support boh move tyr
war support sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move nth
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
bre move mid
bur support mun
gre hold
hol move hel
ion support gre
kie support nth move den
mar move pie
mun support ber
nat move nrg
nth move den
pie move tus
pru move lvn
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur support mun
edi move cly
hol move hel
ion move aeg
kie support hol move hel
lon move yor
lvn move stp
lvp support edi move cly
mid move nat
nrg move nth
pie move ven
rom move tys
tus support pie move ven
ven move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet/dislodged cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
bur move mun
cly move edi
den move swe
gre move ion
hel hold
ion move adr
kie move bal
mar move pie
mun move boh
nat move nrg
nth convoy yor move nwy
rom move nap
stp support yor move nwy
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal move lvn
boh support mun
ion support rom move nap
lon move yor
lvp move wal
mun support ven move tyr
nth move eng
nrg move bar
pie hold
pru move sil
rom move nap
stp move mos
tus support ven
ven move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army/dislodged nap
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
nap disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bar move stp/nc
boh support tyr move vie
eng move mid
hel hold
ion move gre
lon move eng
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support boh
nap move rom
pie move gol
pru support mos move war
rom move tys
tus move ven
tyr move vie
wal move yor
yor move nth
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
boh move vie
edi move yor
gre move bul/sc
gol move tys
mid move wes
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru move ber
swe move bal
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie move bud
war hold
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
