PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy support ank move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot convoy lvn move swe
bre move mid
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
gal move war
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvn move swe via convoy
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support pic move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa move mar
ukr move war
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel support kie move hol
ber move bal
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul
den move nth
edi move nth
eng move iri
gal move rum
gre move alb
hol move ruh
kie move hol
lvn move war
mid support bre move eng
mar move gol
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
smy move eas
spa move mar
tri hold
tun move wes
ukr support lvn move war
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bal move swe
bel move wal via convoy
bud move vie
bul support gre move ser
den support bal move swe
eas move aeg
edi support nth
eng convoy bel move wal
gre move ser
hol move nth
ion move tys
iri move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move ber
nth move den
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
stp move lvn
swe support nth move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tus
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bud
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bal support mun move ber
bel hold
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den support hol move nth
eas support aeg move ion
edi move nth
eng support hol move nth
gal support rum move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol move nth
iri move wal
lvn move pru
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa/sc
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move lon
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser move alb
sev move rum
sil move boh
swe hold
tri support vie move bud
tus hold
tys move gol
vie move bud
war move sil
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal support den move swe
ber support mun
boh move mun
bul move gre
bur support mun
den move swe
eas move aeg
edi hold
eng move lon
gal support rum move bud
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
lon support wal
gol convoy tus move spa
mid support spa/sc
mun support ber
nth move nwy
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser support adr move tri
sev move rum
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc hold
swe move bal
tri support vie move bud
tus move spa via convoy
tys move nap
vie move bud
wal support lon
wes support tus move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
swe move bot
tri move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support mun move ber
bel move ruh
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bot hold
bud support gal move vie
bur move mun
edi move nth
eng support nwy move nth
gal move vie
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
kie support mun move ber
gol move mar
mid support eng
mar support spa/sc
mun move ber
nwy move nth
sil move mun
smy move eas
spa/sc support mar
swe move bot
tri move ven
tys move ion
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wal move iri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: army/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal move bot
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
bot move bal
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
bur support mar
eas move ion
edi hold
eng move lon
ion move nap
iri move eng
kie move mun
lon hold
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun support pru move ber
nth support eng move lon
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support kie move mun
rum hold
ser move tri
spa/sc support mar
swe support bal move bot
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot move fin
lon move yor
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove eng
build Army par
remove pru
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move tun
ank move con
ber support ruh move mun
boh move sil
bot move bal
bud move gal
bur support ruh move mun
con move tun via convoy
edi move nrg
fin support stp/sc move bot
ion convoy con move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lon move eng
mid move naf
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move nwy
par move gas
rom move tus
ruh move mun
ser move tri
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri move ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh support vie move tyr
bot support fin move swe
bur support mun
con move bul
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move sil
gas move mar
ion support tun
kie support ber
gol move tys
mun support ber
naf move tun
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
pru support sil move ber
ser move tri
sil move ber
swe support bal
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ven hold
vie move tyr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove rum
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move stp/nc
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bul move ser
edi move nrg
fin move stp/sc
gal move war
ion support rom move tys
lon move nth
pru move ber
rom move tys
ser move tri
sil support tyr move mun
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr move mun
ven hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy kie move lvn
bar move nwy
ber move mun
boh support mun
bot support fin move swe
bul move ser
bur support ber move mun
fin move swe
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie move lvn via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mun support pru move ber
naf support wes move tun
nth move bel
nrg support bar move nwy
nwy support bar move stp
pie support tri move ven
pru move ber
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun hold
tys move gol
ven hold
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
nwy move stp/nc
swe move den
ven move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support lon move eng
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot support mos move stp
con move bul
eas move ion
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pie move mar
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move ber
swe move den
tri move ven
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support nth move hol
bot move swe
bul move ser
eng support iri move mid
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie support swe move den
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
nth move hol
nwy move nth
pie move mar
swe move den
tri move ven
tun hold
tys move wes
ven move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
boh move vie
con move bul
eng move bre
ion move tys
kie move ruh
gol move spa/sc
mid support eng move bre
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun hold
pie move mar
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tys move gol
ven move pie
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
bul move ser
con move bul
den move hel
eng move bre
gal move boh
gas move par
hol support bel
kie move hol
gol move spa/sc
mid support eng move bre
mar move gas
mun move bur
nth move edi
pie move mar
por hold
ruh support kie move hol
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
tri move ven
tys move gol
ukr move gal
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
boh move gal
den move nth
eng support bre
gal move bud
gas move bre
hel support kie move hol
hol move nth
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie move hol
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mos move ukr
par support gas move bre
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
sev support rum
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
