PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
gal move war
mid move por
pic move bel
pru move war
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
sil support pru move war
spa move mar
tri move bud
tys move tun
ukr support gal move war
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm support rum move sev
bel hold
bre move eng
bud move gal
con support ank move bla
den move ska
edi move nwy
gal move war
gre move ion
kie move bal
mar move pie
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
par move pic
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move war
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move ven
ukr support gal move war
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move bot
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
con move bul/ec
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move boh
ion move gre
mar hold
nwy support swe
pic move wal via convoy
pie support ven
pru support sil move war
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil move war
ska move den
spa/sc hold
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven support pie
vie move bud
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla support sev
boh move sil
bot move stp/sc
bud support bul/ec move rum
bul/ec move rum
con move bul
den move kie
gre move ion
gol support pie move mar
mos move war
mun support boh move sil
nwy support swe
pie move mar
pru move sil
rum move sev
ser support bul/ec move rum
sev support mos
smy move eas
swe support nwy
ukr support rum move sev
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support pru move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul move rum
eas move ion
eng support wal move lon
gal move war
hol support mun move kie
ion move nap
kie move den
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support gal move war
mun move kie
nwy support swe
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev move ukr
sil support gal move war
spa/sc move mar
swe support nwy
ukr move mos
wal move lon
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
bla move con
bud move tri
con move aeg
den move ska
eng move lon
gal move boh
gas support por move spa
hol hold
ion move tys
kie support sil move ber
lon move wal
gol move tys
mos move lvn
nap support ion move tys
pic move eng
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser hold
sev move mos
sil move ber
smy move eas
spa move por
tri move adr
tun support gol move tys
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
con move aeg
eas support ion
eng move nth
gas move mar
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
lon support eng move nth
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos move stp
nap move rom
nwy support swe
pru move war
ser move gre
ska move nth
spa/sc support gas move mar
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move pie
ukr move mos
ven move rom
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
remove mar
build Army par
remove ska
build Army smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bre move par
bud move tri
con move aeg
den support ber move kie
eas support aeg move ion
gas move mar
gre move ser
hol hold
ion move tys
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move edi
gol move tys
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap support ion move tys
nth move nrg
nwy support swe
par move bur
pie move mar
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tri move alb
tun support gol move tys
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move gre
apu move nap
boh move mun
bre move pic
den move swe
eas support ion
fin support stp move nwy
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support mun move ruh
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth support lvp move edi
nrg support lvp move edi
nwy support swe
par move gas
pie support ven move tyr
ser support alb move gre
spa/sc support mar
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove gol
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bre move eng
bud move gal
con move bul/sc
den hold
eas support ion
edi hold
fin move swe
gas move spa
gre hold
hol support pic move bel
ion move tys
kie move hol
mar move pie
nap support rom move tys
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh support kie move hol
ser support gre
spa/sc move wes
stp support nwy
tun hold
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
boh move sil
bul/sc move aeg
bur support eng move bel
con move bul
den hold
edi hold
eng move bel
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
hel support bel move hol
hol move bel
ion move tun
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth support bel move hol
nwy support swe
pie move mar
ruh move bur
ser move bul
spa move naf via convoy
stp support nwy
swe support den
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys support nap move ion
war move mos
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Austria: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
hol move ruh
ion move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
remove smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
bel support hol
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
edi move den via convoy
gre move aeg
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support gre move aeg
mar support par move bur
mos hold
mun move bur
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
ruh support den move kie
rum move sev
sil move ber
stp move lvn
swe support edi move den
tri move adr
tun support ion
tys support tun
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre
bel support hol
ber support ruh move kie
bul support ion move gre
con move bul
den support hel move kie
eas move ion
gas support par move bur
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move gre
lvn support stp move mos
mar support mun move bur
mos move war
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nth move hel
par move bur
pie support mar
rom move nap
ruh move kie
ser support ion move gre
sev move mos
spa move mar
stp move mos
tun support adr move ion
tyr move boh
tys support tun
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support con move bul
ank move bla
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move gal
bul support ion move gre
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
den move kie
eas support aeg
gas support spa move mar
gre support con move bul
hel support den move kie
hol move ruh
ion move gre
kie move bal
lvn support mos move war
mar hold
mos move war
mun support ruh
naf move tun
nap move apu
pie support mar
ruh support ber move kie
ser support bul
sev support war move mos
spa move mar
swe move fin
tun support ion
tys support tun
war move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion
apu move gre via convoy
bal support kie move ber
bel hold
ber support ruh move kie
bla support mos move sev
bul support apu move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
eas move ion
fin move stp
gal move rum
gas move par
gre support con move bul
hel move kie
hol move ruh
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move ber
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support ruh move kie
naf move tun
pie move mar
ruh move kie
ser support bul
sev move mos
tun support ion
tys support tun
war support sev move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
sev move arm
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army bre
remove ser
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support bul move gre
arm move sev
bal move ber
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
bre move pic
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
eas move smy
gre support con move bul
hel support ber move kie
hol support ber move kie
ion move aeg
lvn support stp move mos
mar support par move bur
mun move ber
naf move tun
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
sil support mun move ber
stp move mos
tun support ion
tys support tun
war move pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
ank move arm
bal support kie move ber
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
bla move rum
bud support sev move rum
bul move ser
bur support bel move ruh
eng move mid
gre move bul
hel convoy hol move den
hol move den via convoy
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos support lvn move war
mun move kie
naf move tun
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move bud
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
smy move eas
tun support ion
tys support tun
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
rum move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support ion move gre
arm move sev
bal move pru
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bla support ser move rum
bud support rum move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
gal support ser move rum
gre move bul
hel support den move kie
ion move gre
kie move ber
lvn move war
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ber
naf support tun
par move pic
pie move mar
pru support kie move ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ser
ser move rum
sil support kie move ber
tri support rum move ser
tun support ion
tys support tun
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
bal support kie
bla support sev move rum
bul support ser move gre
eas move ion
gal move war
hel convoy hol move den
hol move den via convoy
kie hold
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun hold
naf move tun
pic move bel
ruh support mun
ser move gre
sev move rum
tun support ion
ukr support sev move rum
war move lvn
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army bre
remove bud
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bal support kie move ber
bel move ruh
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bre move pic
bul move ser
con move bul
den support kie
eas support smy move aeg
gre move alb
hel support kie
ion support tys
kie move ber
lvn support war
gol move tus
mar move gol
mun move tyr
par move bur
pie support gol move tus
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move bud
sil support ber move mun
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tys support ion
ukr move gal
war support lvn
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bal support ber
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
gal support war
gre support eas move ion
hel support den move kie
ion move tun
lvn support war
gol move tus
mun move ber
pic move bur
pie move ven
pru support mun move ber
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bud
sil support mun move ber
tus move tys
tyr support bur move mun
tys move rom
ven move tyr
war support gal
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move apu
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Army mar
remove pru
remove sil
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu support ion move nap
bal move swe
ber move sil
bur move ruh
con move aeg
gal move war
gre move alb
hel move den
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mun support kie move ber
pie support tyr move ven
rom support ven move tus
ruh move kie
smy move eas
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ven move tus
war move lvn
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Turkey: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move adr
apu support tus move ven
ber hold
den support swe
ion support nap
kie support ber
mun support ber
pie support ven
rom hold
sil move ber
stp move nwy
swe hold
tus move ven
tys support rom
ven hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
