PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move cly via convoy
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
bla move rum
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move rum
ion move tun
pic move bel
ser support gal move rum
ukr support war
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bla move rum
bud support ser
bul move gre
con move bul
gre move alb
nap move tys
rom move tus
rum move gal
ser hold
sev support bla move rum
smy move arm
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr move mos
vie support rum move gal
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla support rum
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
gal move rum
gre support bul move ser
mos support war
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tus move pie
tys move gol
vie move tri
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud support tri move ser
gal support rum
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mos support sev
pie move mar
rum hold
sev hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move ser
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move bal
bud support ser
gal move vie
gol move wes
mar hold
mos move lvn
nwy move ska
por hold
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
ukr support sev
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ska move den
bud move ser
bul/ec move con
lvn move pru
mar support wes move spa
mos move war
nap move tys
por move mid
rom move tus
ser move alb
sev move ukr
ska move den
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie move tyr
ukr move gal
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move ber
bot move bal
gal move boh
mid hold
mar move pie
pru move sil
ser support alb move gre
spa/sc hold
tri move tyr
tus hold
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move gal
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber move kie
boh move sil
con move bla
den move hel
gal move boh
mid move iri
mos move war
mun move ruh
pie move mar
rom move tus
ser move alb
sev support con move bla
sil move ber
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tri support vie move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bla move arm
hel hold
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
kie support hel
mar move gas
mun move bur
ruh support mun move bur
sev support bla move arm
swe move ska
tri move tyr
tus move mar via convoy
tyr move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
ber move mun
boh move vie
bur move bel
hel move hol
kie support hel move hol
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mun move bur
nap move ion
pru move war
ruh support bur move bel
sev move bla
sil support ber move mun
ska move nwy
stp/sc move bot
tri move tyr
tus move mar via convoy
tyr move mun
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bel move hol
bla move con
bot move swe
bur move mun
gal move bud
gre move ser
hol hold
kie support hol
mos move ukr
mun hold
nwy move nrg
ruh support bel move hol
sil support mun
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support ruh move hol
boh support gal move vie
bud move ser
con move bul/sc
gal move vie
gas hold
hol support kie
ion move gre
iri move eng
kie support hol
mos move stp
nrg move edi
ruh move hol
ser support tri move bud
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tus move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun
boh support vie
bot convoy stp move swe
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support con
con support bul/sc
eng move bre
gal move bud
gas support eng move bre
hol support kie
kie support hol
mun support boh
nwy move nrg
ruh move hol
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev support rum
stp move swe via convoy
tri move vie
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ruh
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul/sc support con
con support bul/sc
edi move yor
gal support vie
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hol support kie
kie support hol
mos move ukr
mun support boh
nap move tys
nrg move cly
pie move tyr
rum support gal
ser move rum
sev support rum
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support boh
war support gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move ser
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move gre
con move smy
eng move lon
gal move bud
hol move nth
ion move adr
kie move hol
mun support boh
nrg move edi
rom move mar via convoy
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev move bla
swe move den
ukr move gal
vie support gal move bud
war support gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
