PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul support ukr move rum
bur move mar
con move smy
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
mun move bur
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
ukr move rum
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel hold
ber move kie
bud hold
bul support rum move ser
bur move mar
con move smy
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hol support kie move hel
ion move tys
kie move hel
lon support nth
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move ska
pic hold
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move ser
ser support rum move bul
sev support gal move rum
smy move ank
spa move por
swe support yor move den
tri move tyr
tun move naf
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support bud move ser
ank support bla move con
bel hold
bla move con
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
hel move den
hol move nth
kie support hel move den
lon support nth
gol move wes
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move den
pie move mar
por hold
rum support ser
ser support bul move gre
sev support rum
sil move ber
ska support yor move den
smy move aeg
swe support yor move den
tus move gol
tyr move tri
tys support tus move gol
ukr move gal
vie move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
remove vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri move ser
ank move con
bel move ruh
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
bur support mar
con move aeg
den hold
edi support nth
hel support kie move den
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move eng
gol move tys
mun move ber
nth hold
por move spa
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support rum
sil move mun
ska support den
smy support con move aeg
swe move bal
tri move ser
tys move ion
ukr move gal
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support den move kie
bel move nth
ber move sil
bul support aeg move gre
bur support pic
con support bul
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move iri
gal support rum move bud
gre support ion move aeg
hel move kie
ion move aeg
kie move mun
mid convoy spa move bre
mun move ber
nth move lon
pic support spa move bre
pie move tyr
pru support mun move ber
ruh support kie move mun
rum move bud
ser move alb
sev move rum
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa move bre via convoy
tri hold
tys move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ank
remove hel
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
remove sil
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support kie
bel support ruh move hol
ber move mun
bud move vie
bul hold
bur support mun
con move smy
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
gal support bud move vie
gre support smy move aeg
ion hold
iri support lon move eng
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
lvp move nat
mid support pic move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos move war
mun move boh
pic move eng
pru support war move sil
ruh move hol
ser move tri
smy move aeg
tri support vie
tyr hold
tys hold
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move ber
bel support pic move eng
boh support bur move mun
bre move par
bul move ser
bur support boh move mun
con move aeg
den move nth
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol support bel
ion move adr
iri support lon move eng
kie move hol
lon support nth move eng
mun support sil
nat move mid
nth move eng
pic move eng
pru move war
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support mun
smy move ank
spa/sc support mid
tri move bud
tyr support bur move mun
tys move ion
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove boh
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tun move ven
aeg support con move bul
ank move arm
ber support kie
bul move ser
bur support pic
con move bul
den move nth
gal move bud
gre support con move bul
ion convoy tun move ven
iri support nth move eng
kie move hol
lon support nth move eng
mid move bre
mos move sev
mun support sil
nat move mid
nth move eng
par support bur
pic support mid move bre
rum move bul/ec
sev move bla
sil support mun
spa/sc move mid
tri move ser
tun move ven via convoy
ukr move rum
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
bel move eng
bla move con
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud move ser
bul support aeg move con
bur move ruh
eng support nat move mid
gal move bud
gre support bul
hol support mun move kie
ion move alb
iri support eng
kie move hol
lon support eng
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nth support kie move hol
par move bur
pic support bel move eng
rum move bul/ec
sev move arm
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tri move ser
ukr move sev
ven support tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support rum move bul
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul support aeg move con
bur support bel
eng support nth move bel
gal support sil move boh
gre move aeg
hol support nth move bel
iri support eng
lon support eng
lvp move wal
mid support bre move eng
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nat move mid
nth move bel
par support bre
pic support bre move eng
rum move bul/ec
sev support arm
sil move boh
smy support ank
tri move ser
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg move con
alb support tyr move tri
ank support aeg move con
arm move ank
bel support eng
bla support arm move ank
boh support mun move tyr
bre support pic move eng
bul/ec move con
bur support par move pic
con move bul/ec
eng support nat move mid
gal support tri move bud
gre support con move bul
hol support bel
iri support eng
kie move hel
lon support eng
mid support pic move eng
mun move tyr
nat move mid
par move pic
pic move eng
ser support con move bul
sev move arm
smy support ank
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ukr hold
ven support tyr
vie support mun move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move rum
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army lvp
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support adr move ion
ank hold
bel support lon move eng
bla support arm
boh move mun
bre support mid
bud support tri move ser
bul/ec move bla
bur move mun
con support bul/ec move bla
eng move mid
gal move vie
gre move bul
hol support bel
iri support eng move mid
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid support bre
nat support eng move mid
par support pic
pic support bre
rom move ven
rum support bla
ser move rum
sev support arm
smy move arm
tri move ser
tyr move pie
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move spa/sc
ser disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel support eng
bla move sev
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul hold
bur move mar
con support bul
eng support nat move mid
gal support rum
hol support bel
ion move aeg
iri support nat move mid
mid move gas
nat move mid
par move bre
pic move eng
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move ukr
smy support ank move arm
spa/sc support bre move mid
tri move alb
tyr support boh move mun
ven move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bul
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Russia: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
alb move ser
arm move syr
bel support eng
bla move arm
bud move vie
con support smy
eng support gas move bre
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
iri support nat move mid
mun move ruh
nat move mid
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy support arm move syr
syr move smy
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr support sev
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move bla
bel support wal move pic
bre support wal move pic
bud support vie
bul support ser
eng convoy wal move pic
gre support bul
hol support bel
iri move mid
lon move wal
mid move por
mar support tyr move pie
mun move tyr
ruh move mun
rum support sev move bla
ser support tri
sev move bla
smy support con
syr move arm
tri support ser
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven support tri
vie support mun move tyr
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
remove syr
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move pic
bre move mid
bud support tyr move tri
bul support ser
bur move par
con support arm move ank
eng convoy wal move bre
gre support bul
hol move ruh
ion move tys
lon move wal
lvp move iri
gol move tus
mid move spa/nc
mun move tyr
pic move par
pie move ven
por support mid move spa
rom support ven
rum support bla
ser support tri
sev support bla
smy support con
spa/sc hold
tri support ser
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
wal move bre via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bel move eng
bla support rum
bre support pic move par
bud move ser
con hold
eng move mid
gal move bud
iri move nat
mid move wes
pic move par
pie move ven
por support spa/nc
sev support bla
smy move arm
spa/nc support por
tri support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
ukr support rum
vie support tri
wal move iri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
arm hold
bla move arm
bre move gas
bud support tri move ser
con hold
gal move vie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support sev
par move bur
ruh move bel
rum move bul/ec
sev support bla move arm
spa/nc move mid
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
ven move apu
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu support ven move rom
arm support rum move bla
bel move bur
bud move rum
bur move gas
con support ank move bla
gal move bud
gas move spa
iri move nat
lvp move iri
mid move wes
naf support mid move wes
nat move mid
pie move tus
rum move bla
ser support tri move alb
sev support rum move bla
smy move ank
tri move alb
tun support mid move wes
ukr support bud move rum
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
ank move bla
apu move nap
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
bud move ser
con support ank move bla
eng move iri
iri move mid
lon move eng
mid move wes
mos move war
naf support mid move wes
pie move ven
rom support apu move nap
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev support bla
smy move ank
stp move mos
tun support wes move tys
ukr move rum
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Russia: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Russia: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bul move con
bla support bul move con
bul move con
con move aeg
gre move ser
iri move mid
lvp move iri
mid move wes
nap support rom
rom support nap
rum hold
ser move bud
smy move syr
tun support wes move tys
tys move ion
ven support rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
