PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
eng support bur move bel
gal support rum
hol support bur move bel
ion move gre
kie move mun
mid move por
mar move spa
ruh support bur move bel
rum hold
stp move mos
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move bur
bla support sev move rum
bre move mid
bul support sev move rum
gal move bud
gre hold
hol move nth
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move kie
rum support gre move bul/ec
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war move pru
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul support rum
eng move nth
gal support sev move rum
gre hold
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move naf
mar move bur
nth move hel
nwy support hol move nth
par move bre
pru move ber
rum support arm move sev
ser support gre
sev move rum
spa/sc move wes
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel support bur
bla support sev
bre hold
bul move rum
bur hold
con move bul
eng move nth
gal move boh
gre hold
hel move kie
lon move yor
gol support wes
mos support ukr
naf support wes
nap move ion
nwy move nrg
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser hold
sev support rum move ukr
tri move bud
tun hold
ukr hold
ven move pie
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
wes support gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
bla support sev
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
gol support wes
mos support ukr
naf support wes
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
pie move mar
rum move gal
ser hold
sev support bul move rum
sil move mun
tun hold
tys hold
ukr hold
vie hold
wes support gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber move kie
bla support sev
boh support war move gal
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move mun
edi move nth
gal move ukr
gre move bul/sc
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
naf move tun
pie hold
rum support gal move ukr
ser support gre move bul
sev support gal move ukr
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move sil
tys move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
boh move mun
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
eng move bel
gal move war
mar move gas
mos support ukr
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nth move hel
nwy move nth
pie move tus
rom hold
ser move bul
tri support bud move ser
tun hold
tys move nap
ukr hold
vie support tri move bud
wes support naf move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support rum move bul
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con support aeg move smy
edi hold
gas move bur
hel move hol
hol support pic move bel
lon move nth
lvp move cly
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap support tun move tys
nth move bel
pic move bel
rom support tys move nap
ruh support nth move bel
rum move bul
sev move rum
smy move con
tri move ser
tun move tys
tus move pie
tys move nap
vie move tyr
war move ukr
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
bul move gre
nap move ion
smy move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
bla support bul move con
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support hol move bel
cly move nrg
con move ank
eas move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support nth
gre move bul
hel support bel move nth
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie support ruh move hol
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap support rom move tys
pic support hol move bel
rom move tys
ruh move hol
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
smy hold
tus hold
tyr move pie
ukr move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove edi
remove pic
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
bla move ank
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con move smy
eas support con move smy
eng move bre
hel support kie move den
hol hold
kie move den
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
rom move tys
ser move rum
smy hold
stp move fin
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move tri
tys move wes
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move aeg
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
ank hold
bla move ank
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move mar
eas move aeg
eng move bel
fin move swe
hel support kie move den
hol hold
kie move den
gol move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth support eng move bel
rom move tys
rum hold
sil move mun
smy support bla move ank
tri hold
tun move wes
tus move pie
tys move wes
ven support tus move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
remove eas
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
remove smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
ank move bla
bel support lon move eng
bla move rum
con move smy
den move hol via convoy
edi move nth
eng support hel move nth
hel convoy den move hol
hol support pic move bel
lon move eng
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth move ska
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum hold
sev hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven hold
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
ank move bla
apu move adr
bel hold
bla move ank
eng support bel
gal move ukr
hel move nth
lon move eng
gol move wes
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum hold
ska support nrg move nwy
smy move arm
stp move nwy
tri move bud
tun support adr move ion
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move tus
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
arm move sev
bel move wal
bre move mid
bud move gal
eng convoy bel move wal
hel move nth
ion move tys
gol support pie move mar
mar move pie
nap support adr move ion
pie move mar
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun support ion move tys
tus move pie
tys move wes
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
vie hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
con move aeg
eng move bel
gal move war
ion move tun
gol support rom move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
nap support rom move tys
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum support arm move sev
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr support vie move boh
tys support wes move gol
vie move boh
wal move lvp
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove lon
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
ion move tun
lvp move edi
gol support pie move mar
mar move pie
nap move ion
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc move gol
tun move tys
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven move tri
war hold
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
eng move lon
gre move ion
ion move tys
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun hold
naf move tun
pie move mar
rom move tus
sev support ukr move mos
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tus move pie
tys move wes
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
