PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil via convoy
bre move mid
kie move den
mar move spa
mos hold
mun move boh
par move pic
sev hold
stp/sc hold
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
con move bul
mid move spa/sc
nap move ion
pic move bel
rom move ven
smy move arm
spa move por
stp/sc move fin
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
boh move sil
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move bul
ion move tun
mar move gol
mos move lvn
par move pic
por move spa
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul move ser
eng convoy pic move wal
hol hold
lvn move pru
gol convoy spa move tus
pic move wal
rum support bul move ser
spa move tus
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move lon
hol hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
rum move ukr
ser hold
sev support rum move ukr
tus move rom
wal support eng move lon
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
fin move swe
hol move kie
lon hold
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
ser move gre
sev move mos
tys move nap
ukr support sev move mos
wal move yor
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move rum
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move eng
con move bul
gre move ser
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos support ukr move war
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
ukr move war
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
apu move alb
bla hold
bul move gre
bur move mun
den hold
eng move iri
ion convoy apu move alb
gol move tys
mos support war
nth support yor move edi
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
tun support ion
ven hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank move sev
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move eng
con move bul/sc
den move kie
gre move alb
ion move adr
iri move nat
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth move nrg
par move bur
ser support gre move alb
smy move eas
tun move ion
tys move nap
ven support alb move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bla hold
boh support tri move vie
bud support alb move tri
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
eas move ion
edi move lvp
eng move nth
gol move tys
mos move stp
nat support edi move lvp
nap support tun move ion
nrg support eng move nth
ser support alb move tri
sev move mos
tri move vie
tun move ion
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
