PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move bla
bul move gre
bur move pic
con move bul
den hold
fin move swe
gal support ukr move rum
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
ruh move mun
ser move gre
sev move arm
tri hold
tyr support ven
ukr move rum
ven support tyr
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm support sev move bla
ber move mun
bre support por move mid
bul move gre
con move bul
den support kie move hel
eng move iri
gal support rum
kie move hel
lon move eng
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move mid
rom support ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
bre support mid
bul hold
bur support pic
con support ank
den support hel move nth
eng support nth
gal move boh
gas support bur
gre support aeg move bul
hel move nth
hol move bel
iri move nat
mid hold
mun move bur
nth hold
nwy support hel move nth
pic support bur
rom support ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bul
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support gre move bul
ank support con
arm move ank
bel support ruh move bur
bla move con
boh support vie move tyr
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support bla move con
bur support pic
con support ank
den move nth
eng move lon
gas support bur
gre move bul
kie move den
mid support bre move eng
mun support ruh move bur
nat move nrg
nth move yor
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
pic support bur
rom support ven
ruh move bur
rum support bul
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support bul move gre
ank support con
arm move ank
bel hold
bla support rum move bul
boh move vie
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con support ank
edi move yor
eng move bel
gal support boh move vie
gas move bur
gre support aeg move bul
ion move alb
lon move yor
mid move eng
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nth support yor move edi
nwy move nrg
pic support eng move bel
rom support ven
ruh support bel
rum move bul
ser move tri
swe move nwy
tyr support vie move tri
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
remove bul
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move bla
bel move eng
bla move bul/ec
bre support bel move eng
bud move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
edi support den move nth
eng move lon
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre support con move bul
hol move ruh
ion move adr
mun support ruh move bur
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move hol
nwy move nrg
pic support bur move bel
rom move apu
ruh move bur
rum support bla move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
swe move nwy
tyr move ven
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
apu support ven
arm move ank
bel move wal
bla support arm move ank
bre move gas
bud support vie
bul support gre move ser
bur support ruh move bel
edi support nwy move nrg
eng convoy bel move wal
gas move mar
gre move ser
hol support ruh move bel
ion move eas
lon move nth
nth support ruh move bel
nwy move nrg
pic move par
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support bud
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
rum disband
ser disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mos
remove nat
remove pie
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
apu move ven
bel move pic
bla move con
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support bel move pic
con support bul
eas move ion
edi move yor
eng convoy wal move pic
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move ruh
lon support yor
mar move bur
mos move sev
nth support edi move yor
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
par support wal move pic
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
smy move arm
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
wal move pic via convoy
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
con move aeg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move con
ank support con
bel move pic
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur support bel move pic
con support rum move bul
eng support lon
hol move bel
ion hold
mar support pic move bur
mos move ukr
nat move mid
nth support yor move lon
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
smy move arm
tri support ser
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move con
ank move con
bel move eng
boh support tyr move vie
bud support vie
bur move pic
con move bul/sc
eng move bel
gal support vie
gas move bre
ion hold
kie support mun
lon move nth
lvp support lon move yor
mid move por
mar move bur
mun hold
nat move mid
nth support yor move lon
nrg move nat
par support bur move pic
pic support ruh move bur
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
smy move arm
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
vie support bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move wal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support sev move arm
bel support nth move eng
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul/ec
eng convoy pic move lon
gal move bud
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon support nth move eng
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nth move eng
par support mar move bur
pic move lon
por support mid move spa
ruh move bur
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
tri move bud
vie support boh move gal
wal support pic move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
gal move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
remove iri
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Army stp
remove wal
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move syr
bel move pic
bul/ec support ank move con
eng support bel move pic
gal move bud
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lon move wal
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nap move ion
par support mar move bur
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move arm
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri move ser
ukr move gal
vie support gal move bud
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support con move smy
ber move sil
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
bul/ec move con
con move smy
eng support pic move bre
gal support rum move bud
gre support aeg
kie move ruh
mid support pic move bre
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move tyr
par support bre
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
tri move ser
ukr move rum
vie support bud
wal move lvp
war support gal
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army/dislodged bre
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gas
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber move sil
bud move ser
con support smy move aeg
gal move bud
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
kie move den
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
naf move tun
par support mar move bur
ruh move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
sev move ukr
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid move wes
syr move smy
tri support bud move ser
tun hold
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support mun move bur
ber move pru
bre support eng move mid
bud support gal move vie
bul support rum move ser
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
ion support tun
lvp move edi
gol move tys
mun move bur
naf support wes move tun
par move bur
rum move ser
ser support vie move bud
sev move rum
sil support ber move pru
smy support con move aeg
tri support vie move bud
tyr move pie
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal move lvp
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel move pic
bre support mid
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
gal support war
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
lvp move cly
mid hold
naf support wes move tun
par move bur
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh move bel
rum support con move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
smy move eas
swe move nwy
syr move arm
tri support bud move vie
tys support tun
ven support tri
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bel move hol
boh support war move sil
bre move gas
bul support aeg move gre
bur support pic move par
cly move edi
con support bul
eas move ion
gal support rum move bud
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move boh
naf support wes move tun
nwy move stp
pic move par
pru move war
rum move bud
ser support gre move bul
sev move mos
sil support mun move boh
spa/sc move por
tri move bud
tys support tun
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
par move bre
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove con
build Army kie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion
boh move vie
bre move par
bul support rum move ser
bur move bel
cly move edi
eas move ion
gal support boh move vie
gas support mid move spa
gre support eas move ion
hol move bel
ion support tun
kie hold
mid move spa/nc
mos move lvn
mun support sil
naf support wes move tun
par move bre
pru move lvn
rum move ser
ser support vie move bud
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
tun support ion
tys support tun
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war support sev move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bre move par
bud move tri
bul support ser
bur move bel
cly move edi
eas support gre move ion
gal support vie move bud
gas support par move bre
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move ruh
mar support spa/nc
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ruh
naf support wes move tun
par move bre
por move mid
pru move war
ser support vie move bud
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
spa/nc hold
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tyr move boh
tys move gol
vie move bud
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ber move pru
boh support tyr
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move bel
cly move nrg
eas move ion
gal move war
gas move spa/nc
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn move stp
gol support tyr move pie
mid move por
mos move stp
mun support sil move boh
naf move wes
ruh support kie move hol
rum move sev
ser move bud
sil move boh
spa/nc move por
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move pie
ukr support gal move war
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army/dislodged boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun move tyr
bud support gal
gal support war
gas move mid
ion move tun
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mos support sil move war
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
ruh move bur
rum support ukr
sev support lvn move mos
sil move war
spa/nc move por
tun move naf
tyr support vie
ukr support war
vie support tyr
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh move gal
bur move mar
gal support vie move boh
gas support mar move spa
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie move mun
mid move iri
mar move spa
mos support war move lvn
mun move boh
naf move mid
nwy move nth
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rum support gal
sev move ukr
sil support boh move gal
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp support pru move lvn
tun move naf
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh support gal move sil
bud move gal
bur move mar
gal move sil
gas support spa
iri move lvp
kie move hol
mid support por move spa
mos move lvn
nth move eng
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
spa hold
stp move mos
tyr support boh
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war support mos move lvn
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army sev
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move lon via convoy
ber support mun move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bul move rum
bur move mar
eng convoy bel move lon
gal support ukr move war
gas move mid
hol move bel
kie move mun
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mos support lvn move stp
mun move sil
naf move mid
pie move mar
pru support mun move sil
ruh support kie move mun
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp support war move mos
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven move pie
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh move vie
gal support war
iri support naf move mid
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mos support lvn move stp
naf move mid
pie move tus
rum move bud
sev move rum
spa/sc move por
tri move alb
tun move naf
tyr move tri
ukr support war
wal move eng
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move nwy
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move sil
bud support gal move vie
eng support lon move wal
gal move vie
gas hold
iri move mid
kie move mun
lon move wal
mid move spa/sc
mar support por move spa
mos move stp
naf move tun
nap move ion
nwy move stp
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
stp move fin
tri support vie
tus move ven
ukr support war
vie hold
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: fleet/dislodged wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
