PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mun move tyr
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa hold
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move gal
ven move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel support nth move hol
ber move bal
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
gal move rum
gre hold
hol move hel
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move spa/sc
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move hol
nwy move ska
par move bur
rum move sev
ser move tri
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri support tyr
tun move tys
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bal move swe
bel hold
bot support swe
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support bal move swe
eas support aeg
gal support rum move bud
gas move bur
gre support bul move ser
hel support den
hol support nth
ion move adr
mun move kie
nth convoy yor move den
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
sev hold
ska support yor move den
spa/sc move por
swe support bot
tri support bud move ser
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war support gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
bel support lon move nth
bot move bal
bud move vie
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support kie
eas support smy move aeg
gal support bud move vie
gre move alb
hel move hol
hol move hel
ion hold
kie support hel move hol
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun support ruh move kie
nth move den
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move kie
ser support ven move tri
ska support nth move den
smy move aeg
swe hold
tri support vie
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ber
tri move bud
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser move tri
bel support ruh move hol
ber support hel move kie
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move ruh
den support kie
eas move ion
gal move bud
gre support eas move ion
hel move kie
hol move hel
ion hold
kie support swe move den
lvn move war
gol move tys
mun support bal move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move hol
ser move tri
sev move rum
ska support yor move nwy
spa/sc move wes
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
remove hel
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support gre move ion
alb hold
bal convoy lvn move ber
bel support bre move eng
ber hold
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move gre
den support nth
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol support ruh move kie
ion move apu
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move ber via convoy
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp
rom move nap
ruh move kie
ser support gal move bud
sev move rum
ska move nwy
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move tun
vie support gal move bud
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support ion
alb support ser move tri
apu move nap
bal move bot
bel support bre move eng
ber support kie
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
den support nwy move swe
gal move vie
gre hold
hol support kie
ion move apu
kie support bal move den
lon support nth
lvn move mos
mun support ber
nap support rom move tys
nth support den
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru move war
rom move tys
ser move tri
stp move mos
swe hold
tri support vie
tun support wes move tys
vie hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe disband
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
remove pru
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb hold
apu move nap
bel move nth
ber support kie
bot support lvn move stp
bre support eng
bud move gal
den support nth
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support bel move nth
gre hold
hol support kie
ion support apu move nap
kie support mun
lon support nth
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mun support kie
nap support rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
rom support nap
smy hold
stp hold
swe move bot
tri support pie move ven
tun move tys
tyr move ven
tys support apu move nap
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber support kie
bot hold
bre move mid
den support nth
eng move wal
gal support vie
hol support kie
ion move nap
iri support lon move eng
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn move mos
mun support pie move tyr
nap move rom
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
rom move nap
smy move syr
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tun move naf
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ven support nap move rom
vie support gal
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
remove tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri
bal support lvn move pru
bel support bre move eng
ber support kie
bre move eng
con move aeg
eng support nth move lon
gal move boh
gre move ser
hol support kie
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie support ber
lvn move pru
mid move iri
mos move war
mun move boh
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth move lon
rom support nap move tys
smy move eas
stp move lvn
syr move smy
tri move ven
tyr support mun move boh
ven hold
wal support bre move eng
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb support tri
bal support pru move ber
bel move nth
ber support boh move sil
boh move sil
bot move stp/sc
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal support sil move boh
hol support kie
iri support wal move lvp
kie support ber
lon move wal
lvn move pru
lvp support lon move wal
mid move nat
pic move bre
pru move ber
rom hold
ser support tri
sil move boh
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
tri support vie
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie support sil move boh
wal move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
lvp move cly
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army mos
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
ber move kie
boh support vie move tyr
cly move edi
con move bul
den support ber move kie
eng support iri move wal
gal support war move sil
hol support kie
ion move tun
iri move wal
kie hold
lvp support iri move wal
gol move mar
mid move bre
mos move war
mun support tyr move boh
nat move cly
nth move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom move tys
ser move tri
sil support tyr move boh
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tyr move boh
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre move eng
bul move ser
bur move bel
cly move nrg
den support ber move kie
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gal support sil move boh
hol support bur move bel
ion move tun
kie support mun move ber
lon hold
lvp move cly
mar hold
mun move ber
nwy support eng move nth
pru move ber
sil move boh
spa/sc move por
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr support sil move boh
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie support sil move boh
wal support bre move eng
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
kie move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bel
build Fleet con
remove mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
boh move mun
cly move nrg
con move aeg
den support kie
edi support lon move nth
eng support wal move lon
gal move boh
hol support ruh move kie
kie support den
lon move nth
lvp move cly
mar move spa/sc
naf move mid
nth move den
nwy move ska
pie move mar
por support naf move mid
pru move ber
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
smy move eas
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
wal move lon
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
cly move edi
con move bul
den support ber move kie
eas move aeg
eng move nth
hel move den
hol support kie
kie support hel move den
lon support eng move nth
mid move iri
mar move gas
mun move bur
naf support wes move mid
nth move nwy
nrg support cly move edi
pie move mar
sil hold
ska support hel move den
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
edi move yor
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army smy
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bre move eng
bur move par
con move aeg
den support ska move swe
edi move nth
gas support bur move par
hol support kie
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie hold
lon support bre move eng
mid move nat
mar support gas
mun move ruh
naf support por move mid
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move ska
por move mid
ska move swe
smy move ank
swe support nwy move ska
tyr move mun
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ska move den
ber move kie
boh move mun
den support swe
eng move nth
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support den
lon support eng move nth
lvp move cly
mid move nat
mun move bur
naf move mid
nat move lvp
nth move hel
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
ruh support mun move bur
sil support boh move mun
ska move den
spa/sc support naf move mid
swe support den
tys move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet con
remove ska
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bur move bel
cly move edi
den support kie
gas support par move bre
hel support kie
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support hol move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move nat
mun support ruh
nat move nrg
nth move edi
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
par move bre
ruh support bur move bel
sil support mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move bal
tys move wes
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bar move nwy
ber hold
bul move ser
cly support nrg move edi
den move kie
eng move lon
hel support hol
hol support den move kie
kie move ber
lvn support stp/sc
mid move eng
mos support stp/sc
mun support ruh
nat move nrg
nth support bar move nwy
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
ruh support bel
rum move bul/ec
sil support mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp/sc hold
tys move wes
wal support mid move eng
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
England: army/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lon
remove nth
remove pru
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie
bre move par
bul/ec move con
cly move nrg
con move smy
edi support nrg move nth
eng move lon
hel support hol
hol support kie
kie support ber
lvn support stp/sc
mid move eng
mos support stp/sc
mun support sil
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
ruh move hol
sev move ukr
swe support nwy
wal support eng move lon
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie
den support kie
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gas hold
hel support hol
hol support kie
kie support ber
lon support eng move nth
lvn support stp/sc
mid move nat
mar hold
mos support stp/sc
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
par move bur
pie hold
pru move ber
ruh move hol
ser hold
sil support pru move ber
smy hold
spa/sc hold
stp/sc hold
swe support nwy
ukr move war
ven hold
wal move eng
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
