PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
den hold
fin move swe
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move pie
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie hold
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
smy move con
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud support gal move rum
bul hold
bur support mar
con support bul
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mar support por move spa
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ruh
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy hold
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
ven hold
war support mos move ukr
yor move bel
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
rum move bla
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla move rum
bud support rum
bul support con
con support bul
den move swe
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol support pie move mar
mun move bur
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
swe support nwy
ukr support bla move rum
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move spa
nwy move stp
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove gal
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support sev move rum
bud support rum
bul support con
bur support spa move mar
con support bul
den move swe
eng move pic
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol support mar
mar hold
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
por move mid
ruh move bur
ser support gre
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move tys
ukr support sev move rum
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
rum move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bla support rum
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul hold
bur support bel move pic
con support bul
den support nwy move swe
eng move pic
gal support bud move rum
gre move ion
hol hold
kie support mun
lon move nth
gol move tys
mid support spa
mar hold
mun hold
nap support tys move rom
nth move ska
nwy move swe
par support eng move pic
rum move gal
ser support bud move rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven move rom
yor move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move bur
bla move rum
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move gas
con support bul
den hold
gal support sil move war
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move ber
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar hold
mun support bel move bur
nap support tys move rom
nth support ska move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
par support pic
pic move bel
rom move nap
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
sil move war
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe move bot
tri move bud
tys move rom
wal move yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move fin
rom move tus
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bla move rum
bot support fin move swe
bud support rum
bul hold
bur support gas move mar
con move ank
den hold
fin move swe
gal move ukr
gas move mar
hol move bel
ion move tun
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nwy support swe
pic move eng
rom hold
ser support rum
sev support bla move rum
swe hold
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
war support gal move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet con
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army tri
remove tus
remove tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bla move rum
bud move vie
bul hold
con move bla
gre move alb
ion move tun
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move swe
rom support nap move tys
rum move sev
sev support mos move ukr
swe move fin
tri move ven
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
tys disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla move ank
bul hold
bur move gas
con move bla
den hold
eng move iri
fin support nwy move stp
ion move tun
kie support den
lon move eng
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp
rom move tus
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev move mos
spa move gas
stp support sev move mos
swe hold
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys support tun move wes
ukr support mos
ven move tri
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
stp move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bla convoy sev move con
bud move ser
bul support sev move con
bur support pic move par
den move ska
eng move bre
fin move bot
gre support ser move bul
iri support mid move eng
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mid move eng
mar move gas
mos support ukr move sev
mun move ruh
nth move eng
par hold
pic move par
pie move mar
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev move con via convoy
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus support tys move gol
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie move gal
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
bot move swe
bre support nth move eng
bul move con
bur move mar
gal move war
gas move bre
gre move aeg
hol move bel
iri move lvp
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
naf move mid
nth move eng
nwy move nth
par support gas move bre
pie support bur move mar
rom move nap
ruh move mun
ser move bul
ska move den
spa move mar
tus move rom
ven move rom
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
spa move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
remove iri
build Fleet kie
remove por
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move smy
bel move hol
ber move bal
bla move arm
bre support par move pic
bud move rum
bul move con
den hold
kie support den
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nap support ven move rom
par move pic
pie support mun move tyr
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move arm
spa/sc move por
tri move adr
tus move rom
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet/dislodged pic
Germany: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move con
ank support bla move con
bal support den move swe
bla move con
bre hold
bud move rum
bur move mun
con move smy
den move swe
eng move iri
hol support pic move bel
iri move wal
kie move den
lvn move pru
lvp support eng move iri
mos move sev
nap support rom
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie support tyr move ven
por hold
rom hold
rum move bul
sev move arm
swe move den
tri move ven
tus move tys
tyr move ven
tys move ion
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove nrg
remove por
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move gre
ank move smy
arm support smy
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel move ruh
ber move lvn via convoy
boh support vie move tyr
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move gre
con support ank move smy
den move ska
hol move kie
ion move eas
iri support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mun move sil
nth move lon
pie move tus
pru move sil
rom support nap
rum move gal
sev move mos
smy hold
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move pie
tys move ion
vie move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: fleet/dislodged wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
wal move eng
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
ank support con move smy
arm move ank
bal move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bul move con
con move smy
eas support con move smy
eng move mid
gal move war
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn support bal move pru
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth move ska
pic hold
pie support tus move ven
pru move ber
rom support ven
ruh support mun
ska support swe move nwy
smy support arm move ank
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tus move ven
tyr move mun
vie move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support smy move con
arm support con move ank
bal convoy lvn move den
boh support tyr move mun
bot support mos move lvn
bud move rum
con move ank
eas move smy
eng move mid
gre move bul/sc
ion convoy nap move gre
iri support lon move eng
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move den via convoy
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
nap move gre via convoy
nth move ska
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support ven
ruh support mun
ska support lvn move den
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe support lvn move den
tri move ser
tus move pie
tyr move mun
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bal support swe move bot
bel hold
boh support tyr move mun
con move ank
den move swe
gre move aeg
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mid move bre
mar move pie
mun hold
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
ska support den move swe
smy hold
swe move bot
tyr move mun
ven support rom move apu
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet/dislodged bot
Turkey: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support bul move con
arm move smy
bel move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bul move con
con move ank
eng support iri move mid
gre move aeg
iri move mid
kie move ber
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
nap move apu
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pie hold
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
rum move bul
sil support pru move ber
ska move nwy
smy move con
swe support ska move nwy
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ven support rom move tus
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
alb move gre
ank move smy
apu move ven
arm support ank move smy
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bul move rum
con support ank move smy
eng move bre
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mid support eng move bre
mun hold
nth move ska
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
ska move nwy
smy move con
stp/sc hold
swe support ska move nwy
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
mun move bur
nwy move fin
smy move eas
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
