PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
apu move tun
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
gas move spa
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move tus
ser move gre
sev move bla
stp move fin
tri move ser
ukr move rum
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move bla
bla support sev move arm
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support bud move rum
con support bul
den hold
edi move nth
fin support swe move nwy
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move gre
kie move hol
mar hold
mun move kie
nth move eng
nwy hold
por move mid
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move gre
tus move pie
tyr move vie
ven support rom move tus
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move gre
ank hold
arm move ank
bel hold
bla support arm move ank
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul support bud move rum
con support ank
den hold
edi move cly
fin move swe
gas move bre
hol move nth
ion support alb move gre
kie move hol
lon move yor
mid move nat
mar move gas
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy support fin move swe
rum support bud move ser
ser support alb move gre
stp/nc support nwy
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr move tri
ven support tus move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove cly
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank support con
arm move ank
bel move eng
bla support arm move ank
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support ser move rum
con support ank
den hold
eng move lon
gas move naf
gre hold
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move nap
mid convoy gas move naf
mar move pie
mun move sil
nth move lon
nrg move edi
nwy support stp/nc move bar
par move bre
pie support ven
rum support ser move bul
ser support tri
sev support rum
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri hold
tun move nap
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie move boh
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank support con
arm move ank
bar move nwy
bel move eng
bla support arm move ank
boh hold
bre move eng
bul support con
con support ank
den hold
edi move nth
gre hold
hol move kie
ion convoy nap move tun
lon support edi move nth
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap move tun
nth move lon
nwy move ska
par move bre
pie support ven move tyr
rum support ser move bul
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil move war
swe hold
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
vie support boh
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove nwy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank hold
arm move sev
bel move nth
ber move pru
bla convoy rum move arm
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul support bud move rum
con support ank
den hold
edi move den
gre hold
hel support den
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon support nth
mar move pie
mun hold
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move den
par move pic
pie hold
rum move arm
ska support edi move den
swe support edi move den
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
mun move ber
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
arm move smy
bel hold
bla support sev move arm
boh support mun
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con support ank
den hold
eng move mid
gal support mos move war
gre move aeg
hel support kie move den
hol support bel
kie move den
lon support nth
mar move pie
mos move war
mun hold
nth support den
pic move bur
pru move lvn
sev move arm
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri move ser
tun hold
tys move gol
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Army par
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
arm move ank
bel hold
bla support ser move bul
boh move sil
bul hold
bur move mun
con support ank
den move kie
edi move nth
gal support boh move sil
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mun move ber
nth move hel
par move pic
pie move tyr
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bla
ska move swe
swe move fin
tun hold
tys move gol
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move ank
bel hold
bla support arm move ank
boh support sil move mun
bul move con
bur move mar
con support ank
den support hel move kie
eng move bel
fin move stp
gal move vie
gre move aeg
hel move kie
hol support bel
kie move den
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support sil move ber
nap move rom
nth move hol
pic move bre
rum move ser
sev support bla
sil move mun
smy support con
spa/sc hold
tun move rom
tyr move tri
tys convoy tun move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
mun move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank support bla move con
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul hold
con move bul
den support kie
eng move bel
hol support ber move kie
kie support den
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mar hold
mos support stp move lvn
mun support boh move tyr
nap move rom
nth support eng move bel
pie move ven
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tun move tus via convoy
tyr move vie
tys convoy tun move tus
vie support bud move tri
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
bel support nth move hol
ber support hol move kie
bla support con
bul hold
con support ank move smy
den support kie
eng move nth
gas move bre
hol move kie
kie support den
lvn support war move pru
gol hold
mar hold
mos move war
mun move sil
nth move hol
pru move sil
ser move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
swe hold
tri hold
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven support tus move rom
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol disband
rom move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove apu
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre move gas
bud support rum
bul hold
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
edi move nrg
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move bal
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move war
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
pru support war move sil
rom support ven
rum hold
sev move ukr
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bal support kie move ber
bel hold
ber hold
bud support tri
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
gas move bur
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom move nap
rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil support pru move ber
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
rum move ser
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support den move swe
bar support swe move nwy
bel move nth
ber hold
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur support hol move ruh
den move swe
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
kie support ber
lon move yor
lvn move stp
mar move gol
mun move bur
nap support tun move ion
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
par hold
pie move tyr
pru support ber
rom move apu
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move gal
stp/sc move fin
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support swe
bar move nwy
ber move mun
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mun
fin support bot move swe
gal move vie
gre move bul
ion move eas
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move den
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
par move bur
pru support ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
stp support bar move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support mun move tyr
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army lon
build Army mar
remove pru
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
apu move syr via convoy
bal convoy den move lvn
bar move nwy
ber hold
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur hold
den move lvn via convoy
eas convoy apu move syr
fin support bot move swe
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser move bul
ion convoy apu move syr
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
pie move tyr
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move rum
stp support bar move nwy
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr move boh
tys hold
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army/dislodged swe
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bud move ser
gre move alb
nwy move nrg
swe move den
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
bal support den move swe
bar move stp/nc
ber hold
boh support tyr move vie
bud move vie
bul support alb move gre
bur move mun
den move swe
eas support syr move smy
fin support swe
gal support bud move vie
gre support rum move bul
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
kie support hol move ruh
lvn support bar move stp/nc
mun move sil
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
pru move war
rum move bul/ec
ser support alb move gre
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
syr move smy
tri hold
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
stp move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove con
build Fleet edi
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bal move bot
bar move nrg
ber move bal
boh support vie
bul support gre
den move swe
eas move smy
edi move nrg
fin move stp/sc
gal move war
gre hold
ion move gre
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mos support fin move stp
mun hold
nwy support stp/nc move bar
par move bur
pie move tyr
rum move bla
ser support tri move bud
sil support mun
smy move ank
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri move bud
war hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support smy move con
bal move swe
bar move nwy
ber move pru
bla support rum
boh support sil move gal
bot support lvn move stp
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur support mun
den support bal move swe
edi move nrg
gal support rum
gre hold
ion hold
lvn move stp
mos support stp/sc
mun hold
nth support edi move nrg
nwy move bar
rum hold
ser support bud move tri
sil move gal
smy move con
stp/sc hold
swe move bot
tri hold
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
swe move ska
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army ank
France: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
remove bla
build Army bre
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ska
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army ank
France: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move arm
boh move vie
bot support swe move fin
bre move gas
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
den move kie
gal support pru move war
gre move bul
ion move alb
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support pru move war
mar move gol
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg move nat
nwy move ska
par move bur
pru move war
rum move gal
ser support bul move rum
stp/sc move lvn
swe move fin
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
alb support tri
arm move sev
bel move ruh
boh support mun
bot support fin move stp
bud support vie move tri
bul/sc hold
bur move par
fin move stp/sc
gal support pru move war
gas support mar move bur
gre move bul
kie move ber
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos support war
mun hold
nat hold
nth move bel
pru move war
ruh move kie
rum support arm move sev
ser support gre move bul
sil move ber
ska move nth
stp/sc move lvn
tri hold
tyr support tri
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
France: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove sil
remove ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
France: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
England: fleet ska
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
alb move gre
bel move ruh
boh move gal
bot move bal
bre hold
bud support vie move gal
bul/sc hold
bur support mun
gal move ukr
gas hold
gre move bul
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move war
mar hold
mos support war
mun hold
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move bel
par hold
pru support lvn move war
ruh move kie
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move mos
ska move den
spa/sc hold
tri hold
tyr support tri
ven support tri
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: supply bul
France: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/sc move con
war move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal move den
bel move ruh
ber move pru
boh support war move gal
bud hold
bul hold
bur move mar
con support aeg move bul
den move nth
gal move war
gas move spa
gre support aeg move bul
kie move ber
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move tyr
nth move eng
par move bur
pru move war
ruh move mun
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev move rum
sil hold
spa/sc move por
stp/sc hold
tri move alb
tyr move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
France: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
France: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move vie
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army alb
France: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
France: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
France: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
France: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
