PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move gre via convoy
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move bel
con move aeg
den hold
eng move bel
gal move bud
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth support yor move nwy
ruh support bur move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move tri
smy hold
stp move nwy
tri hold
vie move bud
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support par move pic
ber move sil
bre support por move mid
den support kie move hel
eng convoy yor move bel
hol support bel
ion support gre
kie move hel
mar move spa/sc
nap move tys
nth support yor move bel
par move pic
por move mid
ruh move kie
spa move gas
ven move tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud move tri
den move nth
eng move lon
gal move boh
gas move mar
hel support den move nth
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie move den
mid move nat
mos move sev
nth move edi
nwy move swe
pic support bel
ser hold
sev move arm
sil hold
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel hold
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move vie
den move kie
edi move nth
gre move ser
hel support nth
hol move ruh
ion move eas
lon support edi move nth
mid move iri
mar hold
nat move cly
nap move apu
nth support bre move eng
pic move bur
rum move bla
ser support aeg move gre
sev move rum
sil move ber
swe move bal
tri hold
tun move ion
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
apu support ven
bal support sil move ber
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bla move con
bur support ruh move mun
cly move lvp
eas support ion move aeg
edi move nth
eng support nth move lon
gre support rum move bul
hel move den
ion move aeg
iri support cly move lvp
kie support ber
lon support edi move nth
lvp hold
mar move pie
mun support sil move ber
nth move lon
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil move ber
tri move adr
tyr hold
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move wal
lvp move yor
mun move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
remove wal
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
ank support con move smy
apu support ven
bal support war move pru
ber support mun
boh support sil
bul support ser move gre
bur support mun
con move smy
den move bal
eas move smy
eng support lon move nth
gre move ser
iri move nat
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvp move cly
mun hold
nth move nrg
pie support ven
ruh support mun
ser hold
sev move bla
sil hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
ank support smy
apu move ion
bal move ber
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bul support ser move gre
bur support mun
cly move edi
den move bal
eas support ion move aeg
eng move mid
gre move bul
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mos move war
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth support cly move edi
nrg move edi
pie support ven
pru support bal move ber
ruh support mun
ser move gre
sil support bal move ber
smy hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
gre move alb
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove eas
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove nrg
build Fleet stp/sc
remove syr
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
ank move con
bal move bot
ber move bal
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move nth
gre hold
hol move kie
ion support aeg move gre
kie move den
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth move ska
nwy hold
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
smy support con move aeg
stp/sc move bot
tri support ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
apu support ven
bal move bot
ber move bal
boh support vie move tyr
bul move rum
con move bul
den support ska move swe
eas move ion
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol move tus
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie support gol move tus
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil support pru move ber
ska move swe
smy move eas
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie move tyr
ven hold
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
eas move syr
nwy move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bul
build Fleet mar
remove rum
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu support tri move ven
bal support kie move ber
ber move pru
boh hold
bud move tri
bur support mun
den move swe
eas support aeg move smy
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mar move gol
mun support kie move ber
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nwy move bar
pie move ven
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
stp/sc move bot
swe move bot
syr move smy
tri move ven
tus move tys
tyr support tri move ven
ven move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven
bal support ber
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bud hold
bur support mun
den move kie
eas support smy move syr
gre hold
ion move tun
lvn move stp
gol support pie move tus
mid move wes
mun support ber
nap move rom
nwy support bar move stp
pie move tus
ruh support mun
sil move mun
smy move syr
stp/sc move bot
swe move fin
syr move smy
tri support tyr
tyr support boh move mun
tys support wes move tun
ven hold
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
remove syr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven
bal move bot
ber support mun
bot support fin move stp
bre move mid
bud move rum
bur support mun
eas move aeg
fin move stp
gre move bul
ion move nap
kie support ber
lvn support fin move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support ber
nwy support stp/nc
pru move ber
rom support ion move nap
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
stp/nc support nwy
swe support bal move bot
tri move vie
tun move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr support mun
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move nap
ber support mun
boh move tyr
bot move fin
bul hold
bur support mun
ion support tys move nap
kie move den
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun support ber
nap support rom
nwy support stp/nc
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
rom support nap
ruh support mun
rum hold
sil move gal
stp/nc support nwy
swe support bot move fin
tun support ion
tus support ven move rom
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bre move pic
bud hold
bul move con
bur hold
den move swe
fin support stp/nc
ion move eas
kie move ber
mun support ber move sil
nap support tun move ion
nwy hold
pie move ven
rom hold
ruh move bel
rum hold
stp/nc move bar
swe move bot
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven hold
vie hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu hold
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber move pru
bot support swe move stp
bud hold
bur hold
con hold
eas move smy
fin support swe move stp
gre move bul/sc
ion move adr
mun support sil
nap move apu
nwy support swe move stp
pic hold
pie move ven
rom support nap move apu
rum hold
sil support ber move pru
swe move stp via convoy
tri hold
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu support rom move ven
bel move ruh
bot convoy swe move stp
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur move ruh
con move ank
fin support swe move stp
ion move gre
kie move ber
mar move gol
mun support sil
nrg hold
nwy support swe move stp
pic hold
pie move tus
pru move war
rom move ven
rum move bul
sil support pru move war
smy move con
swe move stp via convoy
tri hold
tys move tus
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
France: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu support ven
bel move hol
ber move pru
bot move lvn
bur move ruh
con move bul/ec
fin move stp/sc
gre support con move bul
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun hold
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pic move eng
pie move tyr
sil support ber move pru
stp move mos
tys move ion
ven support adr move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: fleet tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
