PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move gre
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
gas move por via convoy
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move hol
mid convoy gas move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh move bel
ser support apu move gre
sev move bla
spa hold
tri move ven
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
ber move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
gre move bul
hol move ruh
ion move eas
kie move bal
lon move wal
mid convoy por move bre
mar move spa/sc
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move ska
nwy move swe
par hold
por move bre via convoy
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tri move ven
ukr support war move gal
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move bla
bal move swe
bar support nwy move stp
bot move stp/sc
bre move pic
bud support rum
bur support pic
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eas move smy
gal support ukr move rum
gas move bur
mid hold
mun support bur
nwy move stp
par support bre move pic
pic support bur
ruh move bel
rum support con move bul
ser support rum
sev move bla
ska move nth
spa/sc move mar
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr move rum
wal move eng
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
ank move bla
bar move nwy
bel support bur
ber move sil
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
bur support bel
den support swe
eas move aeg
eng support pic move bel
gal move war
gas move bur
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid hold
mar hold
mun support bur
nth move hel
par support gas move bur
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum support bul
ser support tri move alb
smy move eas
stp move fin
swe support den
tri move alb
tun move ion
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
alb support ser move gre
bel support gas move bur
bla move sev
bud move tri
bul support ser move gre
den support swe
eas convoy gre move syr
eng move nth
fin support nwy move swe
gal move war
gas move bur
gre move syr
hel support nth move den
hol move bel
ion convoy gre move syr
mid hold
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun support bur
nth move den
nwy move swe
par support gas move bur
rom move ven
ruh support hol
rum support bla move sev
ser move gre
sev hold
sil support gal move war
smy support aeg
swe support den
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
swe move ska
war disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
remove rom
remove sil
remove ska
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support gre
bel hold
bla move con
bud move ser
bul move rum
den move kie
eas move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move stp
gre support bud move ser
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support hol
lon move yor
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support gas move bur
ruh support hol
rum move ukr
sev move bla
smy support aeg move eas
spa/sc move wes
swe move bal
syr support eas move smy
tri move tyr
ven hold
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
bal move ber
bel support nth move hol
bla move sev
boh move mun
den support hel move kie
fin support nwy move stp
gas move mar
gre move bul
hel move kie
hol support kie
kie move ber
mos move stp
mun move sil
naf move tun
nth move hol
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tus
ruh support kie
ser support gre move bul
smy support bla move con
syr support smy
tyr move ven
ven move rom
war move mos
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army par
remove ruh
remove syr
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ion
bal move pru
bel hold
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support bel
den move bal
fin move stp
hol move nth
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar hold
mun move bur
par move bre
rom move tus
ser move gre
sev move bla
sil move ber
smy support aeg move con
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus move nap via convoy
tys convoy tus move nap
ven support rom move tus
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal support pru move ber
bel support bur
bla move ank
boh move sil
bud move rum
bur support bre move pic
con move bul/sc
eng convoy wal move pic
gre move bul
kie support pru move ber
lvn move mos
mar move gas
mun support ber
nap support tys move apu
nth convoy yor move hol
pru move ber
rum move sev
smy move aeg
stp support lvn move mos
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven support tus move rom
wal move pic via convoy
war support mos
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bal support lvn
bel support pic move bur
ber hold
bre move par
bur move mar
con hold
eng move mid
gas support bur move mar
gre move bul
hol move ruh
ion support aeg move gre
kie support ber
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
pic move bur
pie move mar
rom move nap
rum support gre move bul
sev move arm
sil move mun
stp support lvn move mos
tri move ser
tys support nap move rom
ven move apu
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support tus move rom
arm move ank
bal support lvn move pru
ber hold
bla move sev
boh move mun
bul move gre
bur support hol move ruh
con move bul/sc
hol move ruh
kie support ber
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mos support bla move sev
mun move ber
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser support bul move gre
sil support mun move ber
stp move lvn
tus move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: army/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move aeg
rom move nap
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
apu support rom move nap
bal support pru
bel support ruh
ber hold
boh support mun
bur support mar
eng move mid
gas move mar
gre support rum move bul
ion move eas
kie support ber
lvn hold
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move rom
par support bur
pie move mar
pru hold
rom move nap
ruh hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil move pru
stp support lvn
tys support nap move rom
war support sil move pru
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
