PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
boh support bur move mun
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move bur
nap move tun via convoy
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
ukr move rum
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move ser
bur move bel
den move swe
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tus
por move mid
rum support sev
ser move gre
sev support rum
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
bar move nrg
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre move eng
bur move bel
den move swe
gre move bul
hol move bel
kie support mun
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid support bre move eng
mar move bur
mun support kie
nth support lon move eng
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
rum support sev
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
sil support boh move mun
tyr support boh move mun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove kie
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bar move nrg
ber move kie
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move con
bur move pic
den move kie
eas convoy tun move smy
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move smy
lon move eng
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
nth support lon move eng
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh support hol move bel
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil move ber
spa/sc move mid
tri move alb
tun move smy via convoy
tus move ven
tyr move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support tun move smy
alb move gre
arm move ank
bar move nrg
bel move pic
ber support kie
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre support mid move eng
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move mar
den move swe
eas convoy tun move smy
eng move mid
ion convoy tun move smy
iri move lvp
mid move eng
mun move bur
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bur
ruh move bur
rum move sev
tun move smy via convoy
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove nrg
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army stp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
bar support stp move nwy
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie
boh move sil
bot move swe
bre move pic
bul support aeg move con
den move kie
eas move aeg
eng convoy pic move wal
gre move aeg
ion move tys
kie support mun move ruh
lvp move cly
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nth convoy nwy move den
nwy move den via convoy
par move bur
pic move wal via convoy
pie move tyr
rom support ven
ruh move hol
sev move rum
ska support nwy move den
smy support aeg move con
stp move nwy
tri move bud
ven hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bar support nwy
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support pic move bel
cly move edi
con support smy move ank
den move kie
eas move ion
eng support wal move lon
gre move alb
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie support ber
mar move pie
nth move edi
nwy support swe
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh support tyr move mun
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move ank
swe support nwy
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove hel
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove ska
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move arm
bar move nrg
bel support eng move nth
ber move mun
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
cly move nrg
con move bla
den move kie
eng move nth
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support ber move mun
gol move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun support ruh move kie
nap move tys
nth move bel
nwy move den
par move gas
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum move ser
sev move mos
swe support nwy move den
tri move ser
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move nwy
ber support kie
bla move ank
bud move gal
bur support mar
cly support lon move edi
con move bla
den move kie
edi move nth
gal move ukr
gas move spa
hol hold
ion move tys
kie support swe move den
lon move edi via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar support gas move spa
mun move ber
nth convoy lon move edi
nwy move stp
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support arm move sev
sev support ukr move mos
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tus move pie
tys move wes
ukr move mos
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
bla move con
bre move mid
bur move mar
cly move nrg
den hold
gal move war
gas support mar move spa
hol move kie
kie support ber
lvn support ukr move mos
gol support wes move spa
mid move naf
mar move spa
mun support ruh move bur
nth support cly move nrg
nwy support swe move ska
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
stp support mos
swe move ska
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support edi move hol
ber move sil
boh move sil
bre move pic
bur move gas
con move ank
den hold
edi move hol via convoy
gas support mar
hol hold
kie support ska move den
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support par move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg support nth
nwy support stp
par move bur
pie move mar
sev hold
ska move den
tun move naf
tus hold
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move gal
war move pru
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army/dislodged den
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber support kie
boh move sil
bur move gas
con move ank
den support kie
gal support boh move sil
gas support mid move spa
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf move mid
nap move ion
nth support nrg
nrg support nth
nwy support stp
par move bur
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sev move rum
spa/sc support pie move mar
tus move pie
vie move boh
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
bel hold
ber support ruh move kie
bla move rum
boh hold
bre move mid
bur move gas
den support kie
gal move rum
gas move bur
hol support kie
ion move tun
lvn move mos
mid move por
mar support gas move bur
mos move sev
mun support ruh move kie
naf move mid
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy support stp
par support gas move bur
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum move bul
sil move war
spa/sc move por
tus move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army/dislodged bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bla move rum
boh move sil
bre support eng move mid
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move pic
con support ank move bla
den support kie
eng move mid
gal move war
hol support bel
mid move por
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support pic move bur
naf move mid
nat support eng move mid
par support bur move pic
pic move bur
pie move mar
ruh support pic move bur
sev move arm
spa/sc move por
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tus hold
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber support ruh move kie
bla move con
bre support nat move mid
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
den support nwy move nth
eng support bel
gas support mid move spa
hol move ruh
lvn move stp
mid move spa/sc
mar support par move bur
mun support ruh move kie
naf move mid
nat move mid
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tus move ven
tys move gol
war support sev move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank hold
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre support mid
bur support gas move mar
con hold
den move nth
eng move iri
gas move mar
gre hold
kie move ruh
lvn move stp
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc move por
mar support gol move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie move ruh
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth move edi
pie support mar
por support wes move spa
pru move ber
ruh move kie
ser hold
spa/sc move por
tri hold
tyr support mun
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move bel
stp move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move eng
bur move bel
gas move bur
gre hold
hol move nth
iri move lvp
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support mar move bur
naf support tys move wes
nth move lon
pie support ven
por support spa/sc
ruh support mar move bur
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp move fin
tys move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army bud
remove gas
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
bur move pic
den move swe
eng support nth move lon
fin move nwy
gre hold
hol move lon via convoy
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move wal
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat move nrg
nth move lon
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
rom move ven
ruh hold
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: fleet/dislodged lon
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
ank move smy
boh move mun
bur move par
con move bul/ec
eng move nth
fin move nwy
kie move hol
lon support eng move nth
lvn move pru
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos move stp
naf move mid
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support kie move hol
ser move gre
spa/nc support naf move mid
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move pie
vie move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Austria: supply con
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
gre disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Austria: supply con
Austria: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
