PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tus
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul move rum
den move swe
eng move mid
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move bre
rom move tun via convoy
ruh support yor move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
stp move fin
tus move pie
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move sev
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
bot support fin move swe
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
fin move swe
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move nwy
lon move eng
mid move por
mar move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy hol move nwy
par support mar move bur
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tys move ion
ukr move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den move swe
bot support swe
bre support par
den move swe
eng support mid move bre
gal move bud
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun move sil
nth move hol
nwy support den move swe
par support bre
pic move par
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum support bul
ser support bul
swe hold
ukr move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bre move gas
swe move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove spa
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bal move bot
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bre hold
bul move con
con move bul
eng support bre
fin move nwy
gas support mid move bre
hol hold
ion move eas
lon move wal
lvp move nat
mid move bre
mar move spa
nwy move stp
par support mid move bre
pic move par
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
swe support bal move bot
tri move alb
tun hold
ukr support rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move fin
bul move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bla support bul
bot support nwy move stp
bre support nat move mid
bud move rum
eas move smy
eng support bre
fin move stp/sc
gas support mid move bre
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
mid move bre
nat move mid
nwy move swe
par support mid move bre
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy hold
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe move ska
ukr support bud move rum
wal move iri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
mid move por
smy move syr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove mos
build Fleet nap
remove par
build Fleet rom
remove swe
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move gre
bla support con
bot support lvn move stp
bre move gas
bul move con
con support syr move smy
eng support iri move mid
gas move par
gre move alb
iri move mid
lvn move stp
mid move wes
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy move swe
pic hold
por move mid
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy support bul move con
stp/sc move lvn
syr move smy
ukr move war
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
stp/sc move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
bla support ank move con
bot convoy swe move lvn
eng move bre
fin move stp/sc
gas move spa/nc
gre move bul
kie move den
mid move por
mar support spa
nth hold
par move gas
pic move par
por move mid
rum support gre move bul
sev move bla
ska move swe
spa support par move gas
swe move lvn
syr move smy
tus move gol
tys support tus move gol
ven move pie
war move mos
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
remove fin
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove syr
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
ber move mun
bot move bal
bre support wes move mid
bul move gre
con move bul
den move kie
kie move hel
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move war
lvp move yor
gol move spa/sc
mid move gas
mar support gol move spa
mos support lvn move war
nth convoy lon move bel
par support mid move gas
pie move mar
por support spa
sev hold
spa support por
stp support mos
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tys move wes
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move hol
bre move eng
con move ank
gas support spa
kie move mun
gol move wes
mid move nat
mos support war move ukr
mun move tyr
nth support bel move hol
par move bur
por support spa
sev hold
spa support por
stp move lvn
ukr support sev
war move ukr
wes move naf
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ukr move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bur move mar
eng support gas move mid
gal move ukr
gas move mid
hel move kie
hol move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move war
mar move gas
mos support ukr move sev
naf move mid
nat support gas move mid
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move ven
por support spa
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa support por
tri support pie move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move bla
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move pic
bla support ukr move sev
bud move gal
bul move ser
den move nth
eng support mid
gas move par
gre move bul
kie move hol
mid hold
mar support tyr move pie
mos support sev
mun move bur
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth hold
nwy support den move nth
ruh move bur
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven move pie
war move ukr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Germany: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove nat
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm support ukr move sev
bla support sev
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move ank
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal support rum move ukr
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie move ruh
mid support por move spa
mar move gas
mos support ukr move sev
mun support kie move ruh
naf move wes
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pic support ruh move bel
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
spa move mar
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bla move sev
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal support vie move boh
gas support spa move mar
hol move nth
ion move tys
gol convoy tun move mar
mid support por move spa
mos support sev
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
par move gas
pic move par
pie support tun move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
rum support bla move sev
sev hold
spa move mar
tri move vie
tun move mar via convoy
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support bla move sev
vie move boh
wes convoy tun move mar
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
edi move yor
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gas
build Army kie
remove pic
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move hol
boh move mun
bud move gal
eng support yor move nth
gal move war
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
mar move gas
par support mar move gas
pie move mar
por support spa
rum move sev
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support gal move war
vie support boh
wes move spa/sc
yor move nth
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm support sev
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla hold
edi support nrg move nth
eng move bre
gal move sil
gas support par move bre
hol support nrg move nth
kie support ber move mun
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
nat move nrg
nth hold
nrg move nth
par move bre
por support spa
ruh support ber move mun
rum move sev
sev support mos
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa support por
tyr support mun
ukr support rum move sev
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move nwy
sil move ber
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move smy
ber move pru
bud move vie
eng move lon
gas move par
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ber
mar move bur
nap move ion
nth move lon
nrg move edi
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
ruh move bel
sev support ukr move mos
spa/sc move mid
tri hold
tyr support vie move boh
tys move ion
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support sil
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move bla
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre support par move pic
bur support par move pic
eng move lon
hol support bel
lvn move war
mid move por
mos support war
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move pic
pic support bur move bel
por support eng move mid
pru support ber
rom move nap
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move ion
war support sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove hol
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla move ank
boh support mun
bur move ruh
con move bul
gre move alb
kie support ber
lon hold
lvn move war
lvp move cly
mid support spa/sc move por
mos move lvn
mun support sil move ber
nap move ion
nth support bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru support lvn move war
rom move tys
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
stp/nc hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr move rum
vie move bud
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
bel move bur
ber move pru
boh support mun
bud move ser
cly move edi
gal move war
ion move tun
kie support pru move ber
lon move nth
lvn support gal move war
mid move eng
mun support ber
nth move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support pic move bur
rum support bud move ser
stp/nc move nwy
tys support ion move tun
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army nap
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
boh support mun
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support ruh move bel
cly move edi
con support rum move bul
eng support bre move pic
hol move nth
kie support ber move mun
lon support nth
lvn move mos
nap move apu
nth support swe move den
nwy move stp/nc
por move mid
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser move alb
sil support mun
swe move den
tri support ven
tun move ion
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support ser move gre
apu move ven
bel move ruh
ber move mun
boh support mun
bur support bel move ruh
cly support nth move edi
con move smy
den move kie
edi move nth
eng support pic move bel
hol support edi move nth
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
mid support eng
nth move edi
pic move bel
rom support apu move ven
ser move gre
sev move rum
sil support war move pru
stp/nc hold
ven move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb support tri
bel support ruh move hol
boh support mun
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
cly support nth move edi
den move nth
hol move hel
ion move adr
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mid support eng
mun hold
nth move edi
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support adr move ven
ruh move hol
rum move sev
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
boh move mun
bud move vie
bur move mar
cly move edi
den support mun move kie
edi move nth
eng move wal
gre support alb
hel support kie
ion move eas
iri move mid
kie support ber
lon support edi move nth
mid support eng
mos move sev
mun move kie
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum support mos move sev
sev move arm
sil support pru move ber
tri support pie move ven
tys move ion
vie move tyr
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
remove kie
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
den move kie
eas support ion move aeg
edi move nth
gre support alb
hol support bel move ruh
ion move aeg
iri move mid
lon support nth move eng
lvp move wal
mid support wal move eng
mar move pie
mun move kie
nth move eng
rom move ven
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ven
tus support rom move ven
tyr support ven
wal move eng
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Germany: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
aeg support eas move smy
ank move con
ber support kie
boh move mun
den hold
eas move smy
eng move bre
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie support mun move ruh
lon support nth move eng
lvp move wal
mid support wal move iri
mun move ruh
nth move eng
nwy hold
pie support tus move ven
rom support tus move ven
ruh move bur
rum move bul
sev move arm
smy move syr
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr support ven
wal move iri
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
iri move nat
ven disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move eas
bre support eng move mid
bur move mun
con move smy
den move kie
eng move mid
hol move ruh
iri move nat
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp hold
mid support iri move nat
nat support wal move iri
nap move ion
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh support kie move hol
smy support aeg move eas
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
wal move iri
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Italy: army/dislodged hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
mid move por
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support tri
arm support syr
ber move kie
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move mun
con move ank
eas convoy nap move syr
eng support nth move bel
hol support ber move kie
ion convoy nap move syr
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mun move bur
nat move mid
nap move syr via convoy
nth move bel
pie support ven move tyr
por move spa/nc
ruh support mun move bur
smy support nap move syr
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Germany: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Austria: army con
Germany: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bur move mar
kie move den
tyr move mun
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
remove nap
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm support syr move smy
bel hold
boh move tyr
bud move tri
bur support ruh move bel
con support syr move smy
den move kie
eng move bre
gas move spa/nc
gre support alb
hol support ruh move bel
iri move mid
lon move nth
mid move por
mun support boh move tyr
pic move bre
pie support tyr move ven
ruh move bel
smy move aeg
spa/nc move por
syr move smy
tri move adr
tyr move ven
vie support boh move tyr
wal move lon
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move smy
alb support gre
ank hold
arm move ank
bud support tri
bur move par
con support arm move ank
den move bal
eas support aeg move smy
eng convoy lon move bre
gre support alb
hol support bel
ion support adr move alb
iri move mid
lon move bre via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mun move bur
nth move den
pic move par
spa/nc move por
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie move boh
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move syr
ven move rom
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
