PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move tun via convoy
bla support con move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul support con move rum
bur move bel
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
eng move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mun hold
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move eng
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tri move ven
ven hold
vie move gal
war move ukr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support bul
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move bel
con support bul
eng support yor move bel
gal move war
ion move eas
kie move ruh
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move bel
pic support bre move eng
ser move gre
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move fin
tri move ven
tun hold
ukr support rum
ven hold
war support ukr
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber move sil
bla support aeg move con
bur support pic move bel
con move smy
den move swe
eas convoy tun move syr
eng move wal
fin move nwy
gal move war
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy tun move syr
mid move por
mun move bur
nth move bel
pic move bel
por move spa
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support gre
swe support fin move nwy
tri move ven
tun move syr via convoy
ukr move rum
ven hold
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bla support bul
bud support vie move gal
bul hold
bur move ruh
con support smy
eas support ion move aeg
gre move bul
ion move aeg
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mos move war
nth move eng
nwy move swe
por move spa/sc
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
smy hold
spa move por
swe move nwy
syr move smy
tri move ven
ukr support mos move war
ven hold
vie move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
France: fleet/dislodged wal
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
wal move iri
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
bel support hol move ruh
ber move kie
bla support bul
bud move rum
bul hold
con move aeg
eas support syr move smy
eng move iri
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul
hol move ruh
iri move lvp
lvn move mos
mun move bur
nwy move stp
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum move gal
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy move ank
syr move smy
tri move ven
ukr move mos
ven hold
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move pic
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move mar
den move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move stp
nap move ion
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri hold
ukr support sev move rum
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support smy move con
bre move eng
bul support rum
bur move mar
den hold
eas support aeg
eng move nth
gal support rum
gre support bul
ion hold
iri move lvp
mos support ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nth move edi
par move bur
ruh move bur
rum support gal
sev move rum
smy move con
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri move ven
ukr move gal
ven hold
wal move lvp
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
bud move gal
bul support gre
bur move ruh
eas move aeg
eng move lon
gre support bul
ion move tun
iri move mid
mos move stp
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum support bud move gal
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri move ven
vie support bud move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bla support sev move rum
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move iri
gal move bud
gre hold
ion move gre
mid move por
mar move bur
mos move stp
par move pic
ruh move bur
rum hold
sev move rum
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war support gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove gre
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber support mun
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move ser
den move swe
gal move bud
ion support aeg move gre
iri move lvp
gol support wes
mar support por move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nwy move swe
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum support gal move bud
ser support tri
sev move ukr
stp move mos
tri hold
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven support tyr move tri
wal move lvp
war support mos
wes support gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support rum
bul move ser
bur support bel move pic
eng support iri move wal
gal move bud
gre hold
hol move bel
ion support gre
iri move wal
gol support wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nwy move swe
pic move par
rum support bud
ser move gre
spa/sc support mar
stp move mos
tri support bul move ser
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
wal move lvp
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove boh
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move rum
bud support gal move vie
bur support pic move par
eng support wal move lon
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
ion convoy nap move alb
gol support wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap move alb via convoy
pic move par
rom move ven
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev move mos
spa/sc support mar
stp move mos
tri support rom move ven
tyr support mun move boh
ven move pie
vie move bud
wal move lon
war support sev move mos
wes support gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move yor
par move bre
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support tri
bre move par
bud support vie
bul/sc hold
eng support lon
gal move boh
ion hold
lvn support mos move stp
lvp support yor move edi
gol support pie move mar
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support tri
spa/sc support mar
stp move nwy
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eng
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mun
edi move yor
gas support bre move par
ion move tun
lon move nth
lvn move pru
gol support mar
mar hold
nwy support den move swe
rom move tys
ser support tri
sil move ber
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Austria: army/dislodged nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move fin
par move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur support pic move par
den move kie
fin move swe
gas support par
gre move bul
lvp support yor move edi
gol support mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun hold
nth move edi
pic move par
pru move lvn
ser support tri
sil move war
spa/sc move por
swe move fin
tri support tyr
tun move naf
tyr support mun
tys move wes
vie move boh
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove fin
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support vie
bul move rum
bur support pic move par
den support hol move kie
edi support lvp move yor
gas support par
hol move kie
ion move aeg
lvn move pru
lvp move yor
gol support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move war
mun move boh
naf move mid
nth move hol
par move pic
pic move par
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ser move bud
sil move ber
spa/sc support mar
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie support boh
war move gal
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
par disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber move mun
boh move tyr
bot move bal
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
den support hol move kie
gal support rum
hol move kie
gol support mar
mid support spa/sc move por
mar support wes move spa
mun move bur
nth move bel
nwy move stp
pru move ber
rum move bul/ec
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc move por
tri support vie
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
rum move bla
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army lvp
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support vie move gal
bud support rum
bur move bel
den move kie
gal move rum
kie move hol
mid move eng
nap move rom
nth move nwy
par move bre
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum hold
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
swe support bal move den
tri move vie
tyr support boh
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bla move con
edi move lvp
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mos move sev
nwy hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh support gal move sil
bud support rum
con move bla
eng support mid move bre
gal move sil
hol move kie
gol move mar
mid move bre
mar move bur
nwy move stp/nc
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh support tyr move mun
rum support vie move gal
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move par
sil move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh support mun
bud support rum
bur move bel
con move ank
eng support bur move bel
gal support rum
hol move bel
kie move hol
mid support bre
par move bre
ruh support mun
sil support mun
stp/nc hold
tri move ser
ven move tyr
vie support gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
