PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
tri move ven
ven move tus
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
bla hold
bul move ser
bur support nth move bel
con move bul
gal move rum
ion move tun
mid move por
mos support gal move ukr
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
ser support gal move rum
spa hold
tus move ven
ven move adr
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bel support edi move hol
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move hol
gal support bul move rum
kie move den
mos move ukr
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rum support sev
ser move gre
spa move mar
stp/sc move fin
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal move bot
bel support hol
bre move eng
bur move bel
den hold
fin move bot
gal move bud
gre support ser
hol support bel
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth support swe move den
ruh support bur move bel
ser support rum
sev support ukr
spa/sc move mid
swe move den
ukr support sev
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move con
bal move swe
ber move bal
bla support rum
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur support eng move bel
con move smy
den support hol move kie
eng move bel
fin move bot
gre support ser
hol move kie
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move iri
mar move gas
nth support den
pru move war
ruh support eng move bel
rum move ser
ser support bud
sev support ukr
tri move ven
ukr move rum
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army/dislodged bel
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bal move den
bel support ruh move hol
bla hold
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
eng move bel
gal move rum
gas move bre
gre support ser
hol support eng move bel
kie move ruh
lvp move iri
mid move eng
nth support eng move bel
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser support gal move rum
sev move rum
smy move con
ukr support war
ven move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal move den
bel support lon move eng
bla move rum
bud move tri
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move swe
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move bul
hol support bel
iri support lon move eng
kie support hol
lon move eng
mar move spa/sc
mun move kie
nth support lon move eng
pic move bel
rom move nap
ruh support mun move kie
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
smy move con
swe move nwy
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bot move bal
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
gal support ukr
nap support ven move apu
ser move gre
sev support ukr
ukr move rum
ven move apu
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army/dislodged apu
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove edi
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank hold
apu move ion
bal move bot
ber support hol move kie
bla support ser move bul
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move bul
eng support bel
gal support bud move rum
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie support ruh move hol
mid hold
nth move den
par move bur
pic move eng
ruh move hol
ser support bul
sev support ukr
spa/sc move wes
swe support nth move den
tri move adr
ukr move rum
vie move bud
war support ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
bla support bul
bre move par
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
gal support bud move rum
gre support con move bul
hol support mun move kie
ion move tun
mid move eng
mun move kie
nap move apu
pic move bel
rum move bul
ser support bul move gre
sev support ukr
ukr support war
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
gre move aeg
kie move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove nth
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move bul
bel move nth
bla support con move bul
bre move eng
bud support rum
bur move mun
con move bul
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
ion move eas
kie move ber
mid support bre move eng
mar move gol
par move bur
ser move bul
sev support ukr
tri move adr
ukr support gal
vie support gal
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bel
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul
apu move ven
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support bul
bud support rum
bur move bel
den support ber move kie
eas move smy
eng move lon
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
hol support bur move bel
ion move tys
iri move wal
kie move ber
gol move tys
mun support kie move ber
nth move edi
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support ukr
ukr support gal
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
remove pic
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move con
bel move ruh
bla support rum
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
den move nth
edi move nrg
gal move boh
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie support ruh move mun
lon move nth
gol move tys
mid move iri
mar move pie
mun support bel move ruh
par move bur
ruh move mun
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support ukr
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tun support gol move tys
tyr support ven move pie
ukr support war
ven move pie
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
apu move nap
boh support tyr move mun
bud support rum
bul move con
den support kie
nap move rom
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
tyr move mun
ukr move war
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh support mun
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move mun
con move smy
den support kie
hol move kie
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mun support sil move ber
nap support aeg move ion
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bul
sil move ber
tri move adr
vie move bud
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber move kie
bla move ank
boh support mun
bul support rum
bur move mun
con support smy move ank
den move nth
edi move lvp
eng move lon
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri move eng
lon support den move nth
mun support ber move kie
nap support ion move tys
nth move edi
rom support ion move tys
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bul
sil move ber
smy move ank
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
tys move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove nth
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move bal
bur move mun
edi move nth
ion support tys move tun
iri move lvp
kie support bur move mun
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap support rom move tys
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
sev move ukr
sil support ber
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tys move tun
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie move tus
tun move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support bot move swe
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot move swe
bud move gal
bur move mun
eng move lon
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie support bur move mun
gol move tys
nap support ion move tys
nth support eng move lon
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
rum move gal
sil support mun
tun support ion move tys
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon disband
swe disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud support tri move vie
bur move mun
ion move tun
kie support nth move den
lon move wal
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth move den
pie support tys move tus
ruh move kie
sil support mun
swe move bot
tri move vie
tun move naf
tyr support mun
tys move tus
ukr move war
ven support pie
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie
boh support mun
bot convoy lvn move swe
bud move gal
bur move mun
hol move kie
iri move lvp
kie hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support kie
naf move mid
nth move den
pie move mar
ruh support hol move kie
rum move gal
sil support mun
tun support tys
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys support tus move gol
ven move pie
vie support boh
wal support iri move lvp
war move pru
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp disband
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bal move den
boh support tyr move mun
bot convoy lvn move swe
bud move gal
bul hold
con hold
den move kie
hol support ruh move kie
kie support bal move den
lvp move wal
gol move mar
mun move bur
nth move ska
pie support gol move mar
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum hold
sil support mun
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move lvn
wes move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support lvn move swe
ber move kie
boh move sil
bot convoy lvn move swe
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move ank
den move swe
hol support kie
kie hold
lon move nth
mid move bre
mar support wes move spa
mun support boh move sil
pie support mar
rum move sev
sil support ber
ska move swe
spa/sc move gol
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven support pie
vie move boh
wal move eng
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Austria: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move war
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
