PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
eng move lon
fin move swe
gal move boh
kie move hol
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
spa move mar
tri move vie
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support bul
boh support ber move mun
bre move pic
bud support vie
bul hold
con support bul
den move nth
edi move nrg
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hol support ruh move bel
lon move nth
mar hold
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
tun move wes
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
mun move ruh
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel hold
bla support bul
boh support gal move vie
bud support vie
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
con support bul
den move kie
eng support pic move bel
fin move nwy
gal move vie
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol support bel
ion support gre move aeg
mar hold
mun support den move kie
nrg support fin move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pie move mar
por hold
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tyr support vie
vie support tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move ank
boh support gal move vie
bud support vie
bur support mar
con support bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move den
lon move nth
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mun move bur
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh support bel move hol
rum support bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr support vie
vie support tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank hold
bar support fin move stp
ber support kie
boh move vie
bud move rum
bur support spa move mar
den move swe
eas move smy
fin move stp
gal support sev move rum
gre support aeg move bul
hol move kie
kie hold
gol support mar
mid move wes
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bla
ser support aeg move bul
sev move rum
spa move mar
swe support nwy
tyr support vie
vie support tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove fin
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support gre move aeg
bur support spa move mar
den move swe
eas support gre move aeg
gre move aeg
hol move kie
kie move hol
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy support den move swe
par support bur
ruh support hol move kie
ser move rum
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr move pie
vie move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hel
mar move gas
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
bar move nwy
ber support mun move kie
bla move rum
boh move vie
bud support vie move gal
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
den support kie
eas move smy
gal support bla move rum
gas move par
hel move hol
ion move tun
kie support ruh
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mun move kie
nwy move swe
par move gas
pie move mar
ruh support kie
rum support vie move gal
sev support bla move rum
swe move bal
tri move ven
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
bal move ber
ber support mun move kie
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support spa move mar
con move smy
den support nwy move nth
edi move yor
gal support bul move rum
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie support ruh move hol
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move kie
nwy move nth
par move gas
ruh move hol
spa move mar
tri move vie
ven move rom
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal support ber move kie
bel move hol
ber move kie
bud move vie
bur move bel
den move hel
eas move smy
eng move bel
gal support bud move vie
gas support mar
gre move bul/sc
hol support bur move bel
iri move mid
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move war
mun support ber move kie
nth support bel move hol
pie move tyr
rom move ven
smy move con
swe move den
tri move ven
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army/dislodged hol
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol disband
kie move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army lvp
remove spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support den move kie
ber move pru
bre move par
bud move ser
bul/sc move gre
bur move bel
den move kie
eas move ion
gal move ukr
gas move spa
hel support den move kie
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move den via convoy
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun support kie move ruh
nth convoy lon move den
rom move ven
ruh support bur move bel
rum move bul
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal convoy den move lvn
bul/sc hold
bur move bel
den move lvn via convoy
eng support bur move bel
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move den
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move pic
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move con
spa hold
tri move tyr
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr move mos
vie support tri move tyr
war support den move lvn
wes move tys
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
remove eng
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move hol
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move pic
con move bla
den move kie
gre move ion
hel move hol
hol move bel
lvn move mos
mar move gol
mos support rum move sev
mun support bur
nap move rom
nth support hel move hol
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move ven
pru move war
rum move sev
spa move mar
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support nap move rom
ven move rom
vie move boh
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
bel support bur move ruh
ber support war move pru
bla move ank
boh move sil
bur move ruh
con support bla move ank
gal support boh move sil
gre move ion
hol support kie
kie support ber
lvn move mos
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos move sev
mun support pru move ber
nth support hol
pic move bur
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum support mos move sev
stp support lvn move mos
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys support tun move ion
ven support tyr move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
pie move mar
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bal support pru move ber
bel hold
ber move kie
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move yor
gal move war
gre support adr move ion
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support pru move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap support tys move ion
nth support hol
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support gal move war
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tus move ven
tys move ion
ven support pie move tus
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
bal hold
bel support ruh
ber move sil
boh support sil move mun
bul move con
con move smy
gre support adr move ion
hol support kie
iri move mid
kie support hol
gol support pie
mun hold
nap support rom
nth convoy yor move den
pie move tyr
rom support nap
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil move mun
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tus move pie
war support sev move mos
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
pie move mar
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove eng
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal convoy den move lvn
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bul move con
den move lvn via convoy
gre move aeg
hol support kie
ion support gre move aeg
kie support hol
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
nap support rom
par move bur
pie hold
rom support nap
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
smy move con
stp support lvn move mos
tri move alb
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support mos
ven support pie
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
lvn move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal convoy den move lvn
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh support sil
bur support mun
den move lvn via convoy
eas move syr
hol move nth
ion move tun
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nap support rom
nth move nwy
par move gas
pru support den move lvn
rom support wes move tys
ruh support mun
sil hold
tun support wes move tys
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven move apu
vie move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
pie move ven
stp move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove nth
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal support lvn
ber move sil
boh support sil
bul move gre
bur support ruh move mun
fin support lvn move stp
gas move mar
hol move ruh
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol support pie
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nwy support lvn move stp
pie support mun move tyr
pru move war
rom support nap
ruh move mun
sil support boh
syr move eas
tri support tyr
tun support tys move ion
tyr support boh
tys move ion
ven move rom
vie move gal
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
apu support ven move rom
bal support pru move lvn
ber move sil
boh support tyr
bur support mun
eas move smy
fin move swe
gal support sil
hol hold
ion move nap
kie move den
lvn support mos
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nwy support stp
pie support mun move tyr
pru move lvn
rom support nap
ruh support mun
smy move eas
stp support pru move lvn
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven move rom
war support lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ion move alb
rom move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu support rom
bal support pru move lvn
ber move sil
boh support tyr
bur support mun
den move swe
eas hold
gal support sil
hol move bel
ion move adr
lon move eng
lvn hold
gol move tys
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nap hold
nwy support stp
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rom support apu
ruh support mun
smy move eas
stp support pru move lvn
swe move fin
tun move tys
tus support pie move ven
tyr support boh
ven hold
war support lvn
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support pru move lvn
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bur support ruh move mun
eas move ion
eng move mid
gol move tys
mun move tyr
nap support ion move tys
nwy support stp
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
stp support pru move lvn
swe move bot
tun support gol move tys
tus support ven
ven support mun move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
