PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bul hold
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move lon
fin move swe
kie move hol
nth move lon
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh support kie move hol
ser support alb move gre
spa move mar
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move tus
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move sil
bud move rum
bul support con
con support bul
den move swe
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal support bud move rum
hol support ruh
kie move bal
lon move eng
gol support pie move mar
mar move pie
nth support lon move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh support hol
ser support gre
smy move aeg
tri move alb
tus move pie
ukr support pru move war
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move spa
rum move bla
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ion
bal support den move swe
bel hold
bla support ukr move rum
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
den move swe
eng move bre
fin move stp/sc
gal support rum
gas support spa
gre support alb move ion
hol move bel
ion move tun
gol move wes
mid move bre
mar hold
nat move mid
nth support hol move bel
pie support mar
ruh move bur
rum support gal
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
spa hold
stp move mos
ukr move rum
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
gre move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bla
remove fin
build Army kie
build Army lon
remove mid
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
ank support con
bal move den
bel move pic
boh move vie
bul move ser
bur move par
con support bul
eng move bre
gal move vie
gas support spa
gre move ion
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
mar support wes move spa
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move nwy
pic move par
pie support mar
ser support ion move gre
smy move aeg
spa support gas
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tun support gre move ion
ukr move mos
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support tun move ion
alb support ion move gre
bel move pic
ber move sil
boh move vie
bre support bel move pic
bul move gre
bur move par
con support bul
den support swe
gal move vie
gas move bre
gre support tun move ion
ion move gre
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move stp
mid support bre
mar hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
pic support gas move bre
pie move ven
rum move bul
ser move tri
spa move por
stp move lvn
swe support den
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr move mos
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove con
build Fleet lon
remove pic
build Army rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ion
ank move con
bel move bur
ber move pru
boh support tyr move vie
bre move mid
bul hold
den support swe
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
ion support aeg move gre
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
mos support lvn move stp
nth move nwy
nwy move fin
par move gas
por support gas move spa
rom move nap
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move war
stp move mos
swe support den
tri support gal move vie
tun hold
tyr move vie
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
boh move gal
bre support mid move gas
bul support gre
bur support par move gas
con move bul
den support swe
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre support bul
ion move gre
mid move gas
mar support spa/sc
mos support stp
nap hold
nwy support fin move stp
par move gas
por support gas move spa
pru move sil
rum support bul
sev move bla
spa/sc hold
stp support mos
swe support den
tri support gal move vie
tun move ion
tyr move boh
ven hold
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
bla move con
boh support mun move tyr
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support bla move con
bur move mun
con move bul
eng support bre move mid
fin move stp
gal move rum
gre move aeg
ion move gre
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support stp
mun move tyr
nap hold
nwy support fin move stp
por move spa
rom move tys
rum support bud move gal
sil move pru
spa/sc support mar
stp support mos
tri support vie
tun support alb move ion
ven hold
vie support ven move tyr
war support gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
gal move ukr
ion move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
boh move vie
bul support con
den support swe
eas support aeg
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move boh
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
mid move gas
mar move gas
mun support boh
nap move rom
nwy support fin move stp
por move spa
pru move war
rum move sev
spa/sc support tys move wes
swe support den
tri support vie
tun support tys move wes
tyr support boh move vie
tys move wes
ukr support war move mos
ven move pie
vie support gal move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove eas
build Army lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
ber move pru
boh support bud move gal
bud move gal
bul move rum
eng convoy lon move bre
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
lon move bre via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa
mar support spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support tyr move boh
nwy move nth
pie support rom move ven
por hold
rom move ven
sev support bul move rum
sil support war move gal
spa/sc support wes
stp move nwy
tri support pie move tyr
tun move tys
tyr move boh
ukr support mos move sev
vie support boh
war move gal
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move smy
arm move ank
boh support tri move tyr
bre move gas
bud move gal
con support ank move smy
eng support mid
gal support sil move boh
gre move aeg
gol move wes
mid support gol move wes
mar move gas
mun support tyr
nth convoy nwy move lon
nwy move lon via convoy
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move war
rum support bud move gal
sil move boh
spa/sc support tys move gol
tri move tyr
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr support sev
ven move tus
vie support bud move gal
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support eas move smy
ber move sil
boh support gal
bre move gas
bur support bre move gas
con move bul/ec
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support rum
kie move ber
lon move bre via convoy
gol move tys
mid support wes move spa
mar move spa
mun support sil move boh
nth move lon
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
rum support gal
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
tri move tyr
tun support spa/sc move wes
tus move ven
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
vie support boh
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank move con
ber move mun
boh support tyr move vie
bre move naf via convoy
bul/ec support con
bur support gas move mar
con support bul/ec
eng move bre
gal support vie
gas move mar
lon move eng
mid convoy bre move naf
mar move spa
mun move tyr
pie support mar
por hold
rum support war move gal
ser move bul
sev move ukr
sil move war
smy support ank move con
spa/sc support gas move mar
tri support vie
tun move wes
tyr move vie
tys move gol
vie support gal
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
gal move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move pru
boh support tyr move vie
bre move gas
bud support sil move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move ank
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support rum move bud
kie move ber
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun support tyr
naf move tun
por hold
rum move bud
sil move gal
smy move con
spa/sc support mid move wes
swe move bal
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
vie support sil move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move lvn
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun move tyr
bre move gas
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
con move bla
eng hold
gal support vie move bud
gas move spa/nc
ion move nap
iri move mid
mar move pie
mun move tyr
por hold
pru move sil
ruh move mun
rum support vie move bud
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
tri move vie
tun hold
ukr support rum
vie move bud
war support pru move sil
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
boh support tyr move vie
bud support tyr move vie
bul move rum
eng convoy lon move por
gal support bud
gas move mar
kie move ber
lon move por via convoy
gol convoy mar move tus
mid convoy lon move por
mar move tus via convoy
mun move tyr
nap move rom
pie support ven move tyr
por move spa
rum support bud
ser support tri move bud
sil move war
spa/nc support lon move por
tri move bud
tun hold
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie support tri move bud
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh support vie
bud support rum
eng hold
gal support rum
gol support mar move pie
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
por move spa
rum support mos move sev
sil move war
spa/nc move mid
tun move rom via convoy
tus support tun move rom
tys convoy tun move rom
ukr support mos move sev
vie support bud
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army rom
Austria: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh move vie
bud support vie move tri
eng convoy lon move spa
gal support boh move vie
lon move spa via convoy
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mid convoy lon move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
pie support tus move ven
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
rum move ser
sev move arm
sil move boh
spa move mar
tus move ven
tys move ion
ukr support rum
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
boh support mun
bud move ser
eng convoy lon move naf
gal move bud
ion convoy nap move gre
iri hold
lon move naf via convoy
mid convoy lon move naf
mar move pie
mun support boh
nap move gre via convoy
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
tri support bud move ser
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber support mun
bla support bul move rum
boh support vie
bud move ser
bul move rum
edi move lvp
eng convoy lon move bre
gre move bul
ion move aeg
iri convoy lvp move spa
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move spa via convoy
mid convoy lvp move spa
mun support boh
naf move tun
nap move ion
pie support tyr
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
tri support bud move ser
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank support con
bla move sev
bre move naf via convoy
bud support ukr move rum
con support ank
eng convoy lvp move bre
gre move bul
ion convoy tun move gre
iri convoy lvp move bre
lvp move bre via convoy
mid convoy bre move naf
pie move tyr
rum support bla move sev
ser support ukr move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa move tun via convoy
tun move gre
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move apu
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
England: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
