PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move rum
edi move nwy
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move spa/nc
mos move ukr
nth hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bur
ruh move mun
ser support tri
spa move por
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move eng
ber move mun
bla support rum
bud support tri
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
gre support con move bul
kie move hel
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
por move spa
rum hold
ser move bul
sev hold
spa/nc move mid
swe hold
tri hold
tyr move tri
ukr hold
ven support tyr move tri
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bla support rum move sev
bud support vie
bul move ser
den hold
edi move nwy
eng move bel
fin support nth move nwy
gal move ukr
hel move hol
ion move tun
gol move tys
mid convoy spa move naf
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun hold
nth move lon
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh support hel move hol
rum move sev
sev hold
spa move naf via convoy
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move eng
bla support sev move rum
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move pic
fin support nwy
gal move rum
hol move nth
kie move hol
lon support nrg move nth
mid move iri
mar move pie
mun hold
naf move tun
nap move tys
nrg move nth
nwy support fin
rom move tus
ruh move bel
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
smy move aeg
tys support naf move tun
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support gre
bel move bur
bla move sev
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move bre
fin support nwy move swe
gal move bud
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie move hel
lon move wal
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pic hold
pie move ven
rum move bud
ser support tri
sev move ukr
tri support ser
tus move pie
tys support naf move tun
ven support tus move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
swe move bot
tun move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bot
build Army bud
remove ion
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel move pic
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move bul
fin support nwy move stp
gal move war
hel move nth
mun move ruh
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
rom move nap
rum support con move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
swe support fin
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie support ukr move gal
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
stp move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ser move gre
bel move pic
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move ser
fin support stp/nc
gas move spa
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth move edi
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
rum support ukr
ser support bud move rum
tri support vie
tys move rom
ven move rom
vie support tri
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet kie
remove lvn
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
bre support bel move pic
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mar
edi move nrg
fin move stp
gre support bul move ser
kie move hel
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
par move gas
pic hold
pie support mar
ruh move bur
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move rum
smy move eas
spa support bur move mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move fin
tri hold
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army/dislodged pic
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pic move par
ser move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bar support fin move stp
bre support bur move gas
bud support tri
bur move gas
den move swe
eas move ion
fin move stp
gas move bur
gre support ser
hel move nth
mar support wes move spa
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nrg move nwy
par support gas move bur
pic support bre
pie move ven
ruh move bur
rum support ser
spa support bur move gas
stp move lvn
tri support bud
tyr support pie move ven
ukr move mos
vie move gal
wal move lon
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bar
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
remove lvn
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bur move gas
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre move alb
ion move tun
kie move hel
mar move bur
mos move stp
nth move eng
pic move bre
por move spa
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
smy move eas
spa/sc move por
swe move fin
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven support tyr move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move pic
bre support bur move gas
bur move gas
eas move ion
eng move iri
fin move stp
gas support par
hel move nth
ion move tys
kie move ruh
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc move gas
mos move stp
mun move bur
nwy support fin move stp
par hold
por support mid move spa
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
spa/sc support mar
tun support ion move tys
ukr move gal
ven support tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud disband
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove lvp
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber move sil
bre hold
bud support alb move tri
bur support pic move par
gal move war
gas support pic move par
ion move tun
iri support nth move eng
lon hold
lvn move stp via convoy
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap support rom
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pic move par
por support spa/sc
rom support nap
ruh move mun
ser support alb move tri
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp hold
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven support tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla convoy con move sev
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur support gas move mar
con move sev via convoy
eng support nth move lon
gas move mar
iri move lvp
lon hold
lvn move war
gol support mar
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move lon
por support spa/sc
rum support con move sev
ser support tri
sil support lvn move war
spa/sc hold
tri support bud move vie
tun move naf
tys support aeg move ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon disband
war disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove gol
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla move sev
bre support eng move mid
bud move vie
bur support gas move mar
eng move mid
gal support sil move boh
gas move mar
ion support tys move nap
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move spa
mun move boh
naf move mid
nap support rom
par move gas
por support spa/sc
rom support nap
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev move ukr
sil support mun move boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
tri move tyr
tyr support mun move boh
tys move nap
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
tri move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support gal move vie
bre support eng move mid
bud support vie
bur support mar
eng move mid
gal move vie
gas support mar
ion move apu
mid move wes
mar hold
mos hold
mun support tyr
naf move mid
nap support rom
por move spa
pru support sil move war
rom support nap
rum move gal
ser move tri
sil move war
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri support ven
tyr support gal move vie
tys support aeg move ion
ukr move mos
ven support tri
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
