PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move mid
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
nrg move nwy
rom move nap
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
stp move fin
ukr move rum
ven move apu
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move ven
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla support sev move arm
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul move rum
con support bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
fin support swe move nwy
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move bal
mid move spa/nc
mar move spa
mun move sil
nap move apu
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support con
apu move ven
arm move ank
bal support den move swe
bel move bur
bla support arm move ank
bul move con
con support ank
den move swe
fin move nwy
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move adr
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move rom
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pru move war
rum move gal
ser move rum
sil move boh
smy move aeg
swe support fin move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Army mun
build Army tri
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg support con move bul
ank move smy
apu move alb
bal move bot
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla move con
boh support mun move tyr
bul support bla move con
con move bul
edi move nth
fin support stp/sc
gal move war
gre move aeg
hol move bel
mun move tyr
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
rom move ven
rum move ukr
stp/sc support fin
swe move fin
tri support tyr
tyr support vie move boh
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
ank move smy
apu support ven
bel move hol
boh support mun move tyr
bot support fin move swe
con support smy
fin support nwy move swe
gal move boh
gre move aeg
lon hold
mun move tyr
nth support ska move den
nwy hold
pic move par
pie move mar
por hold
pru move war
ska move den
smy support con
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri support tyr
tyr support gal move boh
ukr move war
ven support adr move tri
vie support gal move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu support ven
boh move gal
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move rum
con support smy move ank
den move kie
edi move nth
fin support stp/sc
gre move ion
hol move nth
kie support swe move den
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support sil move boh
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy support stp/sc
par move bur
pru move war
rom move tus
sil move boh
smy move ank
stp/sc support fin
swe move den
tyr move ven
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
tri move adr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu move nap
arm move smy
boh move vie
bre move gas
bur move bel
con move smy
den support swe
edi move nth
eng move bel
fin move swe
gal support vie
hel move den
hol support kie move hel
ion move adr
kie move hel
mun move tyr
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
por move mid
rum move ukr
sev move ukr
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe support den
tri support vie
tus move pie
tyr support vie
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move pru
boh move tyr
bot move bal
bud move rum
bur move par
con move bla
den move swe
eng support mid move bre
gal support tyr move boh
hel move nth
ion move aeg
gol support pie move mar
mid move bre
mun support boh move tyr
nap move tun
nth support nwy move ska
nwy move ska
pie move mar
rum move ukr
sev hold
ska support hel move nth
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
ven move pie
vie support tyr move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move sev
bal convoy swe move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bre support eng
den support ska move swe
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move war
gas move bre
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth support nwy move ska
nwy move ska
par move pic
pie support mar
pru move ber
rum move ukr
sev move mos
ska move swe
spa move por
stp support ukr move mos
swe move kie
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Germany: army/dislodged sev
Germany: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
sev move rum
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
remove rum
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
ber support den move kie
bla move con
boh move sil
bud move vie
den move kie
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
hol move nth
kie move ber
mar support spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
nth move nwy
pic move bel
pie support mar
rom move tus
ruh support den move kie
sev move ukr
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp support ska move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tri move adr
tyr support mun
ukr move rum
ven hold
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nth move den
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bal convoy lvn move den
bel move bur
ber move kie
bre hold
con move aeg
den support swe move bal
eng convoy lon move bel
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move bel
lvn move den
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth support ska move nwy
pie support mar
pru move sil
ruh support bel move bur
sil move mun
ska move nwy
stp move fin
swe move bal
tus support ven
tyr support sil move mun
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hol
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel move hol
ber move kie
bot move swe
bur support ruh move mun
den support nwy move swe
eng convoy lon move bel
fin support bot move swe
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lon move bel
mos move stp
mun support tyr
nap hold
nth support bel move hol
nwy support bot move swe
pie move mar
por move mid
pru support ber
ruh move mun
rum move ser
sil support mun
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move apu
aeg move ion
bal move den
bel support hol
ber support mun
bot move bal
bur move bel
den move hel
eng support bre
fin support swe
gal move boh
gas move mar
hol support bel
ion move apu
kie move hol
lvn support pru
mar move pie
mun support ber
nap support tun move ion
nth move den
nwy move ska
pru support ber
rom support tus move ven
ruh support kie move hol
ser move bul
sil support mun
stp move mos
swe support bot move bal
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ven support ion move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet/dislodged bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet lon
remove mid
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
apu move nap
bal support swe move den
bel hold
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
bul move gre
eng support bel
fin move swe
ion hold
lon support nth
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap support ion
nth move hel
pie support tus move ven
pru support ber
rom support tus move ven
sil move mun
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr support ven
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support gre move nap
bal convoy lvn move kie
ber support lvn move kie
bud move ser
den support lvn move kie
eng support bel
gre move nap
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion convoy gre move nap
kie move hol
lon support nth
lvn move kie
mid move por
mar move spa
mun support lvn move kie
nap move ion
nth move hel
pie support tus move ven
pru support ber
rom support tus move ven
ruh support hol move bel
sil support mun
ska move nwy
stp move fin
swe support den
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr support ven
tys support nap move ion
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
build Army lvp
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support apu move ion
apu move ion
bal move swe
bel move ruh
ber support kie
boh support tyr
bud move tri
den move hel
eng move mid
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie support nth move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mun move bur
nap hold
nth move hol
pie support ven move tyr
pru move sil
rom move nap
ruh move bur
ser support bud move tri
sil move mun
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri move adr
tyr hold
tys support rom move nap
ven move tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Austria: army/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bot move swe
fin support bot move swe
hol hold
ion move nap
kie move ruh
mid move spa/nc
mun move bur
nap hold
nth support nwy
nwy support nth
pie move mar
por support mid move spa/nc
pru move sil
ruh move bur
ser move alb
sil move mun
spa move por
swe move ska
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ven move pie
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move rom
spa move gas
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
remove pie
remove rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
bel move pic
boh support sil move mun
edi move nrg
gas move par
hol hold
ion move tun
lon move bel
lvp move yor
mar move gas
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
por support spa/nc
pru move sil
ruh move bur
sil move mun
spa/nc hold
stp/nc move bar
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven move tus
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar move nrg
bel move bur
ber move kie
fin support swe move nwy
gas move bre
hel support kie move hol
hol support yor move bel
ion move tys
kie move hol
mun move bur
nth support yor move bel
nrg support nwy
par support gas move bre
pic move bre
por move mid
pru move sil
ruh move mun
sil move mun
ska move nth
spa/nc hold
swe move nwy
tun move naf
tys move gol
wes move naf
yor move bel
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove pru
build Fleet rom
remove ruh
build Fleet sev
remove yor
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel support nth move hol
bre move pic
fin support mos move stp
hel support ska move nth
hol move bel
kie move ruh
mid support spa/nc
mos move stp
nth move hol
nrg support stp/nc move nwy
nwy support bar move nrg
par support bre move pic
pic move par
rom move nap
sev move bla
ska move nth
stp/nc move nwy
tun move naf
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
England: army/dislodged pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
pic move bur
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tun
bar move nrg
bel support hol
bla move con
bur move mar
den move lon
fin move swe
hel support ruh move hol
hol support bel
ion convoy alb move tun
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mun move bur
naf move mid
nap move tus
nth convoy den move lon
nrg move edi
nwy support bar move nrg
par hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh move hol
sil hold
stp hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys convoy nap move tus
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move kie
spa move por
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh move sil
edi move nth
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support bel move hol
mid move nat
mun support hol move kie
nap move apu
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy move nth
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom hold
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move fin
swe move den
tri move adr
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr hold
tys move gol
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
kie disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move ven
bel move lon
ber move mun
bre hold
cly move lvp
den move edi
edi move cly
eng convoy bel move lon
fin move nwy
hel move hol
kie support hel move hol
gol convoy pie move spa
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nat move lvp
nth convoy den move edi
nrg support edi move cly
pic move bel
pie move spa
por hold
pru move ber
rom move nap
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move por
tyr move pie
tys move wes
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move tyr
bre hold
bur move par
cly move nat
con move aeg
edi move lvp
hol support nth move bel
ion move apu
kie move ruh
gol move tys
mid move iri
mos move sev
mun support boh move sil
naf move spa
nat move iri
nap move ion
nth move bel
pic support nth move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh support nth move bel
sev move bla
sil move gal
spa move gas
ven move tus
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army/dislodged bel
Russia: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu hold
ber support kie
bla move bul/ec
bre support pic move par
cly support lvp
gal move bud
gas hold
hol support bel
ion move gre
kie support ber
mid hold
mar hold
mun hold
nat move iri
par hold
pic move par
por hold
ruh hold
sev move rum
spa hold
tus hold
tyr hold
tys hold
ven hold
wes hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Austria: army/dislodged par
Italy: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move bur
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
