PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move gre via convoy
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move rum
gal move vie
gas move spa
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
lon move eng
mun move boh
nth move nwy
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
tri move bud
ukr move sev
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move rom
arm support bla move sev
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh move tyr
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nrg
gre move ion
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
nwy move ska
par move bur
por support mar move spa
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum move bla
swe move nwy
tri support bud move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bla move bul/ec
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
gal support vie move bud
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move sev
nrg move nwy
nwy support hel move nth
pic move bel
por move spa
rom move nap
ser support tri
sev move rum
ska support nrg move nwy
spa move gas
swe support nwy
tri support bud
tun hold
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla move bul/ec
bre move mid
bud support ven move tri
bul move rum
bur move bel
con support ank move bla
den move nth
gal move vie
gas move par
ion move adr
kie move mun
gol move wes
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nwy support nth move nrg
rom move ven
rum support bla move bul
ser move tri
sev move bla
spa move mar
tri move tyr
tun support nap move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move gre
nrg move bar
tri disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel move bur
bla support con move bul
bud move ser
bul/ec support sev move bla
con move bul/ec
gal support rum
gre support con move bul
hol move nth
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move nat
mar support bel move bur
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
pic move bel
rum support bul/ec
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
swe move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Army ber
remove lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
arm move smy
bar move stp/nc
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bud support ser
bul/ec support sev move bla
bur support mar
con support bla move bul
edi move yor
gal move vie
gre support bla move bul
hol move nth
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move eng
mar support bur
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ber move kie
nat move lvp
nap move tys
nrg support hol move nth
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
rum support sev move bla
ser support bul/ec
sev move bla
swe move nwy
tri hold
ukr move sev
ven support tri
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla move ank
gre move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/ec move con
alb move gre
ank support con
bar move nwy
bel support nth
bla move arm
bud move ser
bul/ec move con
eng support yor move lon
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move bre via convoy
mos move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nat
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bel
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev support bla move arm
smy support con
swe move den
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bar
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army ven
remove wal
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/ec move con
ank support con
arm move ank
bel support pic
bla support arm move ank
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul/ec move con
bur move mar
con support ank
den move yor via convoy
eng move iri
gre hold
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lon hold
lvp move cly
gol move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nat move iri
nth convoy den move yor
pic support bel
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
smy support con
tri hold
ven support tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support bul/ec move con
arm support aeg move smy
bel move nth
bla support bul/ec move con
bud support ser
bul/ec move con
bur support hol move bel
cly move edi
con support smy
eng support bel move nth
gas support mar
hol move bel
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support gas
mun support bur
nat move lvp
nth support lon move eng
nwy move nrg
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
smy support con
vie support bud
yor support nat move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove pic
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support con move smy
bel move pic
bla support ank move con
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur support bel move pic
con move smy
edi move nth
eng move bel
gas support mar
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support par move bur
mos move war
mun support bur
nth support lon move eng
nrg support nth move edi
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser support bul move gre
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gre move ion
smy move aeg
tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support con move smy
bla move con
bul support gre
bur support pie move mar
con move smy
gre support ser
ion move adr
iri move nat
lon support nth
gol support pie move mar
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh support bur
ser support tri
sil move ber
smy move eas
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move pru
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove edi
build Army kie
remove gol
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
arm move sev
ber move sil
bre support bur move par
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul/sc
eas support smy move aeg
eng move bel
gas move bre
gre move alb
kie move ber
lon move eng
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
par support gas move bre
pru support war move sil
ruh support mun
ser support gre move alb
sil move boh
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
tri move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support sil move boh
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh move tyr
bot move swe
bre support bur move par
bud support alb move tri
bul/sc move gre
bur move par
eas move ion
gas move mar
ion move aeg
kie support ruh move hol
mar move gas
mun support tyr move boh
nat move nrg
nth support nat move nrg
nrg move nwy
par move pic
pru support war move sil
ruh move hol
rum move gal
ser support alb move tri
sev move ukr
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp support nrg move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move vie
vie support boh move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
mar move bur
tri move ven
tyr move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
ber move sil
bre support par move pic
bud support tri
edi move bel via convoy
eng move mid
gal support war move sil
gre support aeg move ion
hol support edi move bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg support edi
nwy move ska
par move pic
pie move tyr
pru support war move sil
ser support gre
sil move boh
stp move nwy
swe support nwy move ska
tri support tyr
tyr support sil move boh
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army/dislodged pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move bur
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move por via convoy
bud move vie
gal move sil
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move apu
kie support mun
mid convoy bre move por
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy move den
pic move par
pie move tyr
pru support sil move ber
ser support tri
sil move ber
ska convoy nwy move den
swe support nwy move den
tri support vie move tyr
tun support gre move ion
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
