PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bul support ion move gre
bur support pie move mar
con move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move par
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie hold
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move tri
bel move eng
bre move pic
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
gal move bud
ion move eas
kie move hol
lon hold
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par support bre move pic
por move spa/sc
rum move bla
ser support alb move tri
ska support nwy move swe
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp move fin
swe move bal
tri move bud
ven move tyr
vie support alb move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
bal move swe
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
bla convoy sev move ank
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support bal move swe
eng support bel move pic
fin move stp
gal move rum
gas support por move spa
gre support bul move ser
hol hold
ion move gre
mar move spa
par support gas
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
pru hold
ser support tri
sev move ank via convoy
ska support swe
smy move eas
swe hold
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
bla support rum move bul
bre support par
bud move tri
bul move ser
den move kie
eas move aeg
edi move nth
eng support pic move bre
fin move stp
gas move mar
gre support bul move ser
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move hel
lon move wal
mar move gas
mun support mar move bur
par support bre
pic move bre
pru move lvn
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
ska support swe move den
spa/sc support gas move mar
swe move den
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move bur
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ser
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bre support par
bud support vie move tri
bur support pie move mar
den hold
eas move smy
eng convoy pic move lon
gre support ser
hel move nth
ion move alb
kie move hol
mun move ruh
nth support den
par support bre
pic move lon via convoy
pie move mar
ser support aeg move bul
ska move swe
spa/sc support mar
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal move lon
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove ruh
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg support gre move bul
alb move apu via convoy
ank move con
bel move hol
bla support ank move con
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move gas
edi move nrg
eng move bre
fin support lvn move stp
gas move mar
hel move kie
ion move apu
kie move ber
lon support wal move eng
lvn move stp
mar support bur move gas
nth support den
pic move par
ser move rum
smy move con
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tri move ven
ven move tri
wal move eng
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
mar move pie
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support smy move con
alb move ser
bal move swe
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
bla support con
bre support par
bul support alb move ser
con hold
den support bal move swe
eng support nth move bel
fin support swe
gas move spa
gre move alb
hol support pic move bel
ion move apu
iri move lvp
kie support ber
lon move yor
mid support gas move spa
mar move pie
nth move bel
nrg move edi
par support bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
ser move tri
smy move con
spa/sc move por
stp hold
swe hold
tri support adr move ven
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ser move rum
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bal
remove bar
build Army bud
remove eng
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support rum move bul
apu move ion
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move smy
den move swe
edi move cly
fin support stp move nwy
hol move bel
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mid support spa move por
mar support por move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
par support bre move pic
pic hold
pie support ven
por move spa/sc
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev move rum
smy move con
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
ven support mun move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army/dislodged pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pic move bur
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support smy move con
apu move ion
bel support bur
bla support rum move bul
bud move vie
bul hold
bur support pie move mar
cly move lvp
con support rum move bul
den move edi via convoy
fin support nwy
hol support bel
iri move eng
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy den move edi
nwy hold
par move bre
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
smy move con
spa support mid move por
swe support kie move den
tri support adr move ven
tyr support ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army/dislodged con
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
con move ank
mar move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lvp
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support con move bul
ank support bla move con
bel move pic
bla move con
bre move par
bul support bla move con
bur support mar move gas
con move bul/ec
edi move yor
eng move mid
fin move stp
gas move spa
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
ion support nap move apu
lon move nth
mid support spa move por
mar move gas
nap move apu
nth move nrg
nwy hold
por support gas move spa
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
swe move ska
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move pie
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move smy
spa move mar
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support gre move bul
ank support arm move smy
apu move adr
arm move smy
bel move hol
bot move swe
bul support con
bur move bel
con hold
eng move bre
gas move bur
gre move bul
ion support apu move adr
mid move eng
mar support gas move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
nwy hold
par move gas
pic support eng move bre
pie move mar
por support spa
rum hold
ser move gre
ska support nwy
smy move con
spa support par move gas
stp support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move pie
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bul disband
smy disband
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bul
remove ion
remove mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
ank move con
bel move ruh
bre move eng
bud hold
bur support gas move par
con move smy
eng support por move mid
gas support spa move mar
gre hold
hol support pic move bel
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
nwy move fin
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move apu
rum move bul
sev move bla
ska support swe move nwy
smy move arm
spa move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tus
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm support smy
bel support mun move bur
bla support rum move bul
bre move mid
bud hold
con support rum move bul
eng support mid move bre
fin support stp move nwy
gas move par
gre support rum move bul
hol move nth
ion move tun
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
nwy move nth
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul
ska support nwy move nth
smy hold
stp move nwy
tri move alb
tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move smy
bla move con
bud move ser
bul support sev move rum
con move ank
fin support ska move nwy
gre move ser
lon support nrg move nth
nth support ska move nwy
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move bre
rom support ven move apu
sev move rum
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
stp hold
tri move adr
ven move apu
vie move tri
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Italy: army/dislodged apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move arm
apu move nap
bel move pic
bud support tri move ser
bul hold
bur move mar
con move aeg
edi move lvp
fin support stp move nwy
gre support tri move ser
ion support wes move tun
mid move por
nth move edi
nwy move nth
pie support bur move mar
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum hold
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
tun move tys
wes move tun
yor support nwy move nth
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
mar move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Army par
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg hold
arm move sev
bre support par
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move gas
con support bul
eas support aeg
edi move yor
fin move nwy
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
lon move nth
lvp support edi move yor
mar support por move spa
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
par support bre
pic move par
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rum hold
ser support gre move bul
spa move por
swe hold
tun move wes
ven move tyr
vie move gal
yor support nwy move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy con move gre
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur support gas move par
con move gre via convoy
eas move ion
edi support nwy move yor
gal move war
gas move par
gre move bul
ion move tun
lon move nth
lvp support yor move edi
mar hold
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
par support bre move gas
pic move bre
pie hold
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser support gre move bul
sev move ukr
spa/sc hold
swe hold
ven move tyr
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: army/dislodged edi
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
par move pic
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gas
build Fleet kie
remove mid
build Army mun
remove pic
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg convoy con move gre
bel move eng
ber move pru
bre move pic
bud support ser
bul support con move gre
bur move ruh
cly move lvp
con move gre via convoy
eas move ion
edi move cly
gre support ser
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp support edi move cly
nth support yor move edi
par move bur
rum move ser
ser support gre
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tun support adr move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion
bal move bot
bud support ser
bul support gre
bur move ruh
cly move edi
den hold
eas move ion
edi hold
eng move nth
gre hold
ion support alb
lon move nth
lvp support cly move edi
mid move nat
mos hold
mun move kie
nth support edi
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser support bud
tri support ser
tun support ion
ven hold
vie hold
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: army/dislodged edi
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion
bel move ruh
bot support den move swe
bud support ser
bul hold
den move swe
eng move nth
gre hold
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move den
lon support eng move nth
lvn move stp
lvp support edi
mar move bur
mos hold
nat move nrg
nth support yor move edi
ruh move mun
rum support bul
ser hold
sev support rum
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri support ser
tun support ion
tyr move boh
ven hold
vie hold
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
nth move ska
swe move fin
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support ion
bot support stp
bud support ser
bul move rum
bur move gas
den support swe
eas move aeg
edi move yor
fin support mos move stp
gre move bul
ion hold
kie support den
lon support edi move yor
lvp support edi move yor
mos move stp
mun move sil
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh move hol
rum move gal
ser hold
sev move ukr
ska support nwy move swe
stp support nrg move nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tri support ser
tun support ion
vie support rum move gal
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Russia: army/dislodged yor
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
yor move wal
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army mun
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move bal
boh support sil
bot support stp
bud support ser
bul move rum
con move bla
den move swe
fin support mos move stp
gas hold
hol move ruh
ion support alb move gre
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move stp
mun support boh
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
sil support boh
ska move swe
stp support swe move fin
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tun move wes
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move lvn
yor move edi
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bla support rum move sev
boh move tyr
bot support swe move fin
bud hold
den move swe
edi move nth
eng convoy wal move bre
fin move stp
gal support ukr move war
gas move mar
gre hold
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn support gal move war
mos support fin move stp
mun support boh move tyr
nwy support stp
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser move alb
sev move ukr
sil move war
ska move nth
stp hold
swe move fin
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move war
vie move boh
wal move bre via convoy
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move ven
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal convoy swe move pru
ber support swe move pru
boh move mun
bre move par
bud support alb move tri
bur move pic
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
fin support stp
gas move bre
gre move ion
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move pru
mun support sil
nwy support ska move nth
pie move mar
sil support swe move pru
ska move nth
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe move pru via convoy
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
ber support mun
bla move rum
boh move sil
bre support bur move par
bud move vie
bur move par
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
fin support stp
gal move sil
ion move tys
lvn move pru
gol support mar
mar support tyr move pie
mos move stp
mun support sil
nth hold
nwy support nth
pie move mar
pru move war
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
ukr move gal
ven support tyr move pie
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: army/dislodged pie
Austria: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par move pic
pie move tus
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lon
remove pru
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre hold
bud move vie
den move nth
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
fin support stp
lvn move pru
gol hold
mar move gas
mun support sil
nth move yor
nwy support den move nth
par move bur
pie support ven move tus
por move mid
sil support mun
stp support lvn move mos
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys move rom
ven move tus
vie move boh
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
boh move mun
bre move par
bud hold
bur move bel
den move nth
edi move nrg
eng support mid move bre
fin move stp
gas move par
kie support mun
gol support pie move mar
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun hold
nwy support den move nth
pic support gas move par
pie move mar
pru move sil
rum move bla
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp move lvn
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie move boh
war move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged bre
Austria: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove pic
build Army tri
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move edi via convoy
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
eng move iri
fin support stp
gal move war
gas move spa
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber
nth convoy bel move edi
nrg move nat
nwy support nth
par support mar move bur
pie move mar
sev move ukr
sil move mun
tri move ser
tyr support sil move mun
ukr move gal
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ber support mun
bla move sev
boh support bur move mun
bre support mid move eng
bud move rum
bur move mun
edi move lvp
eng support gas move bre
fin support stp
gal support bud move rum
gas move bre
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth move bel
nwy move nrg
par support bre
ser move bul
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp support fin
tyr support bur move mun
ukr move war
war move pru
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
