PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move gre
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
sev move rum
stp move fin
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
fin support bot move swe
gre support bud move ser
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move bal
mar move gol
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
par move bur
por move mid
ruh move bur
ser move alb
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move alb
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support den move swe
bla support rum
bud move ser
bul support aeg move gre
con move smy
den move swe
eng support bel
fin support stp move nwy
gal support pru move war
hol move bel
mid move iri
nth move lon
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
par move pic
pru move war
ruh support hol move bel
ser support aeg move gre
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
bal move bot
bla support rum
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
eas move aeg
eng move nth
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri move eng
kie move hel
gol move tys
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nrg move bar
pic support bel
ruh support mun move bur
ser support gre move alb
smy hold
stp move mos
swe move fin
ven hold
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support gre
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
bla move sev
bot support bar move stp/nc
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
eng support bel
fin move lvn
gre hold
hel move den
hol support bur move bel
lon move eng
lvp move cly
mar move bur
mos hold
nth support bel
nwy move stp
pic support mar move bur
ruh support bur move bel
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
smy move con
stp support mos
swe move fin
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven move rom
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
stp disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove bla
build Army bud
remove fin
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul/sc
alb move ion
ank move bla
bar move nwy
bel support mun move bur
bot move swe
bud support tri move ser
bur hold
cly move edi
con move bul
den move nth
eng support nth move lon
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
lvp move iri
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move lon
par support bur
pic hold
rom move apu
ruh support bel
rum support ser
ser move gre
smy move con
swe move ska
tri move ser
tun move wes
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support apu move gre
apu move gre
bel support mun move bur
bla support rum
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
bur hold
con move bul
edi move cly
eng support lon
gre support con move bul
hol support bel
ion convoy apu move gre
iri move eng
lon hold
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth support yor move lon
nwy support stp
par support bur
pic hold
ruh support mun move bur
rum support con move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
ska support swe
smy move con
stp support nwy
swe support ska
tys move tun
ukr support bud move rum
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
gre move alb
lon move wal
rum move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bla
build Army bud
remove con
remove gal
build Army mun
build Army nap
remove sev
remove smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
bel move pic
bud move vie
bul/sc move con
bur move gas
cly move lvp
con support smy
eng support pic
gal move sil
gas move mar
gre support bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move eas
iri move mid
lon hold
mun move tyr
nap move tun
nth support lon
nwy support stp
par support pic
ruh move bur
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bud
sev move bla
ska support swe
smy support con
stp support nwy
swe support ska
tys convoy nap move tun
ukr move sev
wal move iri
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bel move pic
bla move bul/ec
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
con support smy
eas move smy
eng move bre
gas support bur move mar
gre hold
hol move edi
iri move eng
lon hold
lvp hold
gol support mar
mid move por
mar move bur
mos move stp
nth convoy hol move edi
nwy support stp
par support pic
pic support par
rum move sev
sev move arm
sil move war
ska support swe move nwy
smy support con
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mar move spa
nwy move nrg
smy move ank
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bre
build Fleet kie
remove gol
build Army mun
remove spa
remove stp
build Army tri
build Army vie
remove war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
ank support con
arm move ank
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support con
bul/sc support gre move con
con support ank
edi move lvp
eng move bel
gal move war
gas move spa
gre move con
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move boh
nth support bel
nrg move cly
nwy support nth
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
ska support nth
smy support gre move con
tri move tyr
tun move rom
tys convoy tun move rom
ven move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
arm support con move ank
bel hold
bla support mos move sev
boh move gal
bre support par
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
cly move edi
con move ank
edi hold
eng move bel
gal support vie move boh
gas move spa
hol support nth
lon move nth
mos move war
nth support edi
nwy move stp/nc
par support bre
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
sev move mos
sil support mos move war
ska move nwy
smy move eas
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
con move aeg
eas move smy
edi move cly
eng move pic
gal support boh
gas move spa
hol move bel
ion move alb
kie support mun
gol move spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
nap move tys
nth support hol move bel
nwy move nrg
par support bre move gas
rom move ven
sil support war
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven move pie
war support sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army/dislodged gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gas move bur
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tyr move tri
bel move pic
boh move sil
bur move mar
con move bul
edi hold
eng move pic
gal support ukr move war
gas move mar
hol move bel
kie support mun
gol support gas move mar
mos support ukr move war
mun support sil move boh
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nat
pie support ven move tyr
pru support war
rum hold
ser support rum
sil move boh
stp/nc hold
tyr move tri
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hol
remove nat
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support gre
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
cly move nrg
eng move pic
gal hold
gre support bul
gol support pie move mar
mar move bur
mos support war
par support mar move bur
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser move rum
smy move aeg
tri move ser
tyr hold
ven support tyr
vie support gal
war support gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
bud support gal
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
edi move lvp
gal support vie move boh
gre move bul/sc
kie move ruh
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mos support war
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
par move gas
pic move bel
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move nwy
tyr support vie move boh
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove nrg
build Army rom
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh support gal move sil
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur move bel
con move bla
gal move sil
gas move par
lon move nth
mar support por move spa/nc
mos move lvn
nap move tys
pie support mar
por move spa/nc
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move bla
spa/sc move mid
tyr move mun
ven support tyr
vie support boh
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bul/sc hold
con move bla
gal move ukr
hol support bel
lon move nth
lvn support war move pru
lvp move cly
mid move bre
mar move bur
par move bur
pie move mar
rum move sev
sev move rum
sil move ber
spa/nc move gas
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh move sil
bre move eng
cly move edi
gal move war
gas move mid
hol move kie
lon move nth
gol move wes
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tys
rum move sev
sev move arm
tri move vie
tus move pie
tyr hold
ukr support bla move sev
ven support tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber support sil move mun
boh support vie move tyr
bur move bel
cly move edi
eng support bur move bel
hol move kie
lon hold
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun move kie
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
pru move sil
sil move mun
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hol
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh support tyr
bre support bel move pic
bud move tri
bul/sc move con
bur move par
eng support bel move pic
gal support sev move rum
gre move ion
lvn support mos move stp
mid move gas
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support tyr
pic support bur move par
pie move tyr
rum move ser
sev move rum
sil move ber
tri support rum move ser
tyr support bud move tri
ven support pie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move tri
bul/sc move con
bur support pic move par
eng move bel
gal move sil
gas hold
ion convoy nap move alb
kie move den
lvn move stp
mid move eng
nap move alb
par move gas
pic move par
pie hold
ser move tri
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support bud move tri
ven support ser move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bel move hol
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul/sc move con
bur support bel
den move kie
eng move wal
gas move mid
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mun support tyr
nap move rom
nwy move swe
par support bur
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ser support ven move tri
sil move gal
stp move mos
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel hold
bla move bul/ec
bud support vie move tri
bur hold
con support gre move bul
den move kie
eng move lon
gal move vie
gre move bul
kie move hol
mid move eng
mos move ukr
mun support tyr
par support bur
pie hold
rom move tus
rum support bla move bul/ec
ser support tri
tri support ser
tyr support vie move tri
ven support tri
vie move tri
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move ank
bud move ser
bur hold
con support gre move bul
eng support bel
gal move ukr
gre move bul
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lon move yor
mun support tyr
nap move ion
par support bur
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum move bul/ec
ser support tri
smy move aeg
swe move fin
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bel hold
bud support vie move tri
bul hold
bur hold
con move bla
eng support bel
fin move stp
hol move bel
ion move eas
lvp hold
mar support bur
mun support tyr
par move pic
pie hold
rom move apu
ruh support hol move bel
ser support tri
sev move arm
tri support ser
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
