PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move gre via convoy
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move rum
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
mid move por
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ser support apu move gre
tri hold
ukr move rum
war hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul support sev move rum
con support bul
den support swe
gal support bud move rum
gre support nap move alb
ion convoy nap move alb
lon hold
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap move alb via convoy
nth support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
por move mid
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp hold
swe hold
tri hold
ukr move gal
ven move tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move ser
bla support con move bul
bul move gre
con move bul
den support swe
gal move bud
gre support alb move ser
ion move tun
lon move nwy via convoy
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move fin
pic support bel
rum move bud
ser support gre move bul
sil move mun
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
ank move arm
bla move rum
bud support vie move gal
bul support gre move ser
fin support nwy move swe
gal move ukr
gre move ser
hol move hel
kie move hol
lon hold
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pic support bel
pie move tus
rom move nap
rum support bul move sev
ser support tri move alb
sev hold
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move alb
tys support wes move tun
ven hold
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
tun move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support bud move ser
bal support lvn
bla support ser move rum
bud move ser
bul support gre
bur support bel
eng support hol move bel
fin move stp
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move eas
lon hold
nap move rom
pic move bre
rum support bud move ser
ser move rum
sev support rum
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support tus move rom
ven support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bal
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
remove nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul support gre
bur support bel
den move kie
eas move ion
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gre support bul
hel move nth
lon move yor
lvn move mos
mar support bur
nwy move swe
par support bur
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev hold
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri move alb
tun move ion
tys move nap
ukr support lvn move mos
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support sev
bud move rum
bul support gre
bur support bel
eng move lon
fin move stp
gal move war
gre support bul
hol move bel
kie move ruh
mid move por
mar support bur
mos support ukr move sev
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nat
par support bur
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support stp move mos
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tun move wes
ukr move sev
ven hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bul move con
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eas
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
remove nap
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel support ruh move bur
bla move rum
bud support rum
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move lon
fin move stp
gre move ion
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mar support tus move pie
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nth support bel
nwy hold
par support bur
pie move mar
por support nat move mid
ruh move bur
rum support mos move sev
ser support bul move gre
sev support bla move rum
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri move ven
tus move pie
ven move apu
war move mos
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Germany: army/dislodged pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb support gre
apu move nap
bel support bur move pic
bla move rum
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move pic
eng move mid
fin move stp
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
iri move eng
mid support por move spa
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nwy hold
par support pic
pic support mar move bur
por move spa/sc
rum support mos move sev
ser move bul
sev support bla move rum
stp move lvn
ven hold
war move mos
wes support gas move spa
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army kie
remove par
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
bla support bul move rum
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
eng support wes move mid
gre support rum move bul
hol support bel
iri move eng
kie move ruh
lon hold
lvn support stp move mos
mid support por move spa
mos move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nap support alb move ion
nth support bel
nwy hold
pic move bre
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bul move rum
stp move mos
ven hold
vie move gal
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move war
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move pic
bla support bul
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
gal move war
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
ion move aeg
iri move eng
lon hold
lvn support gal move war
mid support por move spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy hold
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support mos
tyr move pie
ukr move sev
ven hold
war hold
wes support spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove eng
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support pic
bla convoy bul move arm
bre support par
bud move rum
bul move arm
bur support pic move par
con move smy
edi move nth
gre support rum move bul
ion move eas
iri move nat
lon hold
lvn move war
mid move eng
mos support lvn move war
mun move kie
nth support bel
nwy support edi move nth
pic move par
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bud move rum
spa support mar
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move hol
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla move con
bre move pic
bul move con
bur move mun
eas move smy
eng support bre move pic
gal move war
gre move bul
hol move nth
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move nwy via convoy
mid move wes
mar support par move bur
mos support arm move sev
nat move nrg
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rom move nap
rum move sev
ser support gre move bul
sev move mos
smy move con
spa move por
ukr support sev move mos
ven move adr
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ion
remove nrg
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move ion
arm move smy
bla move con
bul move con
den move swe
eas move aeg
eng support pic move bel
gal move war
gre move bul
hol support bel
lvn move pru
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos support gal move war
mun move bur
nth support swe move den
nwy move stp
par support bur
pic move bel
por move spa
rom move tys
ruh support bel
rum move sev
ser move rum
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri move ven
ukr support rum move sev
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
bla move con
bul move con
den hold
eas convoy gre move syr
eng support pic move bel
gre move syr via convoy
hol support bel
ion convoy gre move syr
gol move wes
mos hold
mun move ber
nth support pic move bel
par support bur
pic move bel
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support hol
rum support sev
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
smy support bla move con
spa move mar
stp hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven move tus
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove ruh
remove tyr
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm support smy move syr
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eas support syr move smy
edi hold
eng move nth
hol support kie
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos support war move lvn
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth move nrg
par move bur
pie move tus
rom support nap move tys
rum move ser
sev move arm
sil support ber
smy move syr
stp hold
syr move smy
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
smy move aeg
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move smy
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bre move mid
bul move con
bur support ruh move mun
con support aeg move bul
den move kie
eas support smy
edi move nwy via convoy
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth support bel move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie support tus move ven
rom move tus
ruh move mun
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil support ruh move mun
smy hold
stp move fin
tus move ven
tyr support ven
tys support rom move tus
ven support rom move tus
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
bre move mid
bul/sc move aeg
con move bla
eas move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support nwy move stp
gre move bul
kie move bal
lvn support stp
mid move naf
mar move gol
mun support pie move tyr
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
rum support gre move bul
sev move arm
sil move war
smy support sev move arm
stp hold
tri move adr
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr support ven move pie
tys support tun move wes
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move sil
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bul/sc move con
tyr move vie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move rum
arm move ank
bal move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
bla convoy ank move rum
bul support smy move con
bur move mar
con move ank
eas move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support nwy move stp
gal move sil
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
rum support bul
sil move war
smy move con
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp hold
tus support tys move gol
tyr move tri
tys move gol
vie move tri
war support gal move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: army/dislodged sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Austria: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
con move aeg
sil move ber
stp move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army edi
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move ank
bal support stp move lvn
bar support stp
ber move sil
boh move gal
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move stp
hol move ruh
lvn hold
gol support tus move pie
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos support lvn
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
pru support ber move sil
rum move gal
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tus move pie
tyr move tri
tys support adr move ion
ven move tyr
vie support sil move boh
war support lvn
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bal support stp move lvn
bar support stp
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul move con
fin move stp
ion support tys
lvn move pru
gol support tyr move pie
mar support tyr move pie
mos support war
nth hold
nwy move fin
pie move gol
pru move war
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sil support pru move war
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe move den
tus support tys
tyr move pie
tys hold
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support lvn move pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
England: army/dislodged pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move ber
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support ber move pru
bar support stp
ber move pru
boh support pru move sil
bre move mid
bul move ser
den move kie
fin move stp
gal support war
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
lvn support stp move mos
gol support tun move tys
mar support pie
mos support war
nth hold
par move bur
pie move tus
pru move sil
ruh support mun
sil support ber move pru
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tus support tys
tys support tus
ukr support mos
ven support tri move tyr
vie support boh
war support pru move sil
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
tys move rom
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal support pru
bar hold
ber move sil
boh support sil
bur support mun
con move bul
fin move stp
gal support war
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol move pie
mid move naf
mos hold
nth hold
pie move tus
pru support ber move sil
rom support tus
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil move pru
stp move mos
tus hold
tyr hold
tys support pie move tus
ukr support mos
ven support tus
vie support tyr
war support sil move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu hold
bal support lvn
bar support stp
ber support sil
boh move sil
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support mun
fin support stp
gal support boh move sil
ion move tys
lvn support pru move war
gol support tys
mar support pie
mos support war
naf move wes
nap support ion move tys
nth hold
pie move tus
pru move war
rom support ion move tys
ruh support mun
sil support pru move war
stp support lvn
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
tys support pie move tus
ukr support mos
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war support boh move sil
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
apu move alb via convoy
bal support lvn
bar support stp
ber support sil
boh move sil
bur support mun
fin support stp
gal move war
ion move gre
lvn support pru move war
gol move tys
mos move sev
nap support tys move ion
nth hold
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move tys
ruh support mun
rum move bul
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tun support gol move tys
tus support rom move tys
tyr support ber move mun
tys move ion
ukr support war move mos
ven hold
vie hold
war move mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army par
remove ven
remove vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
alb support bul move gre
bal hold
bar hold
ber move pru
boh support gal
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur move mar
edi move den via convoy
fin move stp
gal support boh
gre move aeg
ion move aeg
lvn support war
mar move gol
mos hold
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move den
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support war
stp move mos
tun support tys move ion
tus move rom
tyr support boh
tys move ion
ukr support gal
war hold
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb move tri
bal hold
bar hold
boh support gal
bur support mun
den move kie
eng move lon
fin move stp
gal support ukr move war
gre hold
ion support nap move tys
lvn support stp move mos
gol move mar
mos support ukr move war
nap move tys
nth hold
par move pic
pie support tus
pru support war
rom support nap move tys
ruh move kie
sev support mos
sil support war
stp move mos
tun support tys move ion
tus support nap move tys
tyr support boh
tys move ion
ukr move war
war support stp move mos
wes support tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove fin
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal support den move kie
bar move nrg
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud support gal
bur support mun
den move kie
gal support ukr move war
gre move alb
ion move tun
lon move nth
lvn support stp move mos
mar support gol
mos support ukr move war
nth move lon
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh move kie
sev support mos
sil support war
stp move mos
tri move vie
tus support tys move gol
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
war support stp move mos
wes support tun
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
war move pru
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
apu move nap
bal support kie
bel move hol
ber support sil
boh support gal move sil
bud move rum
bur move mun
gal move sil
ion support tys move tun
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn support stp move mos
gol move wes
mid move nat
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos move lvn
nth support kie move hol
nrg move nat
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tus move rom
tyr support boh
tys move tun
vie move gal
war support mos move lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
tun move naf
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal support pru
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh support war move sil
bur support mun
gal support war move sil
ion support tun
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn support mos
gol move wes
mid move iri
mar move pie
mos hold
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth support kie move hol
nrg move nat
pie move mar
pru support sil
rom support nap move tys
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support ber move mun
spa/sc move gol
tri move adr
tun support gol move wes
tyr move mun
ukr move war
vie support boh
war move sil
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal support pru
bel move hol
ber move sil
boh move sil
bur support mun
gal support sil move war
ion support tun
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos hold
naf move mid
nat move lvp
nth support kie move hol
pie hold
pru support ber move sil
rom support tys
sev support war move mos
sil move war
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys support tun
ukr support war move mos
vie move boh
war move mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support pru
bel move hol
boh hold
bur support mun
gal support war
ion hold
iri move nat
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn hold
gol move tys
mid support iri move nat
mar move pie
mos hold
nat move lvp
nth support kie move hol
pie hold
pru move ber
rom move tys
sev support mos
sil move mun
stp support lvn
tri move adr
tun support tys move wes
tus move gol
tyr hold
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven support pie
vie support boh
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move pru
bel move hol
ber support sil
boh support gal move sil
bur support mun
gal move sil
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn hold
lvp hold
gol move tys
mid move iri
mos hold
nat move nrg
nap support ion move tys
nth support kie move hol
pie hold
rom move tus
sev support mos
sil hold
spa/sc move wes
stp support lvn
tun support wes move naf
tus move gol
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven support pie
vie support boh
war support gal move sil
wes move naf
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support pru
boh support sil
bur support mun
edi move nrg
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn hold
lvp hold
gol support wes
mar support gol
mos support ukr move war
naf support tun move wes
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
pru hold
rom support nap move tys
sev support mos
sil support war move pru
stp support lvn
tun move wes
tus support tys move gol
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes support gol
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
gol disband
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber hold
boh support sil move mun
bur support mar
edi hold
hol move kie
lon move nth
lvn hold
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
mun move kie
naf support wes move mid
nth move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom hold
ruh support mun move kie
sev hold
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar
stp support lvn
tun support tys move wes
tus move tys
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie hold
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
