PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
smy move con
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move gre
bla move bul/ec
bud move ser
bul move gre
con support bla move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
hol support pic move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
rum support bud move ser
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move gre
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
hol move hel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move hol
lon support nrg move nth
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move aeg
spa move gas
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
apu move rom
bel hold
bla support sev move rum
boh move mun
bul hold
con move bul
eng convoy pic move wal
gas move mar
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move bal
lon move wal
mid move iri
mos move sev
nth move lon
pic move wal via convoy
pie move tus
rum support bul
sev move arm
ska move den
stp/sc move bot
swe support ska move den
tri support ven
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support bot move swe
bel move hol
bla move ank
boh support vie move tyr
bud move ser
bul hold
con move bul
den support swe
edi move cly
eng support iri
hol move hel
iri support eng
kie support tyr move mun
lon support nth move eng
lvp move iri
mar support tus move pie
nap move tys
nth move eng
pic move bel
rom move tus
rum support bul
swe support den
tri move alb
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven support rom move tus
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
arm move ank
bal support bot move swe
bel support hol
boh move mun
bot move swe
bul hold
cly move nat
con move bul
den support swe
eng support lvp move iri
gre move alb
hel move nth
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie support mun
lon move wal
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mar move spa
pie move mar
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev hold
swe support den
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ukr hold
ven support tus move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank hold
arm move bla
bel move bur
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul support rum
con move bul
den move kie
eng move nth
hol move bel
ion move nap
iri move eng
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/nc
mar hold
nat move cly
par move gas
pie move mar
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support sev move rum
ven move rom
vie move boh
wal support iri move eng
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support gas move mar
cly move edi
den move kie
eng move nth
gas move mar
gre support bul
ion move tun
iri move eng
gol support mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support wes move spa
mun support den move kie
nwy move stp
rom move nap
tyr move ven
wal move lon
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lvp
remove mar
build Army mos
build Army par
remove rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla hold
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move mar
edi move nrg
eng support lon move nth
gas support bur move mar
gre support bul
iri support eng
lon move nth
lvp move edi
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move den
par move bur
ruh move mun
sil support mun
stp support mos
swe hold
tri move adr
tun move ion
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move bla
bla move sev
bul support rum
bur move mun
den hold
edi move yor
eng move nth
gas move mar
gre support bul
ion move aeg
iri move eng
kie support nth move den
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg move nwy
ruh support bur move mun
sil move ber
spa/sc move gol
swe support den
tyr support mun
tys move rom
ven move rom
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
apu move ion
bla move rum
bul move con
bur move mun
con hold
den hold
eng move nth
gal support rum
iri move eng
kie move ber
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
nth move ska
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
sev support bla move rum
smy support con
swe support den
tyr support mun
tys move ion
war hold
wes support gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support boh move mun
bla move rum
boh move mun
bur support mun
con move bul
den support swe
eng move nth
kie support nth move den
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support pie move tyr
nth move den
nwy support ska move swe
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
sev support bla move rum
ska move swe
smy move aeg
swe support den
tun support tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun
ven move pie
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den disband
rum move bud
swe disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur support mun
den move hel
edi move den via convoy
gre support bul
gol support wes
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun support pie move tyr
nth convoy edi move den
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
sev hold
swe move bal
tun support tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun
ven move rom
war hold
wes support gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bud move tri
bur support mun
den move kie
hel move hol
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
gol support wes move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move nrg
pie move tus
ruh support mun
sev hold
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove naf
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel move pic
ber support kie
boh move sil
bul support gre
bur move par
gre support bul
hol move bel
ion support tys move tun
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol move wes
mos move war
mun support sil move ber
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nat
pie move mar
rom support ven
ruh move kie
sev move rum
sil move ber
tri move vie
tun move wes
tys move tun
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
tun disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel support edi move hol
bul support gre
edi move hol via convoy
eng support pic move bre
gre support bul
ion move nap
iri support nat move mid
kie support pru move ber
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mun support ruh move kie
nat move mid
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bre
pic move bre
pru move ber
rom support ion move nap
ruh move kie
rum hold
sil support ber
tun hold
ukr move gal
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army sev
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
eng move bre
gas move spa
hol support kie move ruh
iri move eng
kie move ruh
mid support bre move gas
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth move hel
par hold
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum hold
sev support rum
sil support vie move gal
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
tri move ser
tun move wes
ukr move gal
vie move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move mar
eng move bre
gal support sil move war
gas support ruh move bur
hel support kie
hol move bel
ion move eas
mid move wes
mun support ber
par hold
por support spa
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
ser move rum
sil move war
spa support por
tus move pie
ven move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bre support bel move pic
bud move gal
bur support gas move par
eas move smy
gal move ukr
gas move par
hel support kie
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel via convoy
par hold
por move mid
rum support gal move ukr
sev support ukr move rum
spa move gas
tri move adr
ukr move rum
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move ruh
bre support gas
bud move rum
bul move con
bur move par
gal support bud move rum
gas support mid move spa
hel support kie
lvn move stp/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun move bur
nth move eng
pic support bur move par
por support spa
rum move ser
sev hold
smy support bul move con
spa support mar
ukr move sev
wes hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
eng support bre move mid
gal move war
gas move spa
gre move bul
hel move kie
kie move bal
lon hold
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mar hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por support spa
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
spa support mar
tun support mid move wes
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal support kie move ber
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur move mun
con support arm move ank
eng convoy lon move naf
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move naf via convoy
gol support spa
mid convoy lon move naf
mar support spa
pic move bel
por support spa
ruh move kie
spa support mar
tri move adr
tun support wes move tys
tyr support mun
wes move tys
yor move wal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
England: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank disband
ber move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove mar
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move con
bal move lvn
bel move ruh
boh support mun
bur move mar
con move bul
eng convoy wal move bel
gas support mid move spa
ion move nap
kie support bel move ruh
lon move nth
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mun support sil move ber
naf move tun
pie move mar
por support spa
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa support pie move mar
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys move rom
vie move tyr
wal move bel via convoy
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
England: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
England: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support aeg move ion
bal support kie move ber
bel move ruh
boh support mun
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
eng move mid
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mid move wes
mun support ber
nap move rom
pie support mar
por hold
pru support ber
ruh move kie
spa move gas
tyr support mun
ukr move war
ven move adr
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
England: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
ion move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove gol
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
bur support gas
eng move mid
gas support bur
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon move den via convoy
lvn support ber move pru
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy lon move den
pie move mar
por support spa
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support kie move mun
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
spa support por
stp/sc support lvn
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ven move adr
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
den move kie
gas support mid move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun support pru move ber
pie support mar
por support spa
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil move mun
spa support por
stp/sc support lvn
tri move ven
tyr support sil move mun
tys move ion
war move pru
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh support mun
bur support gas move mar
den move kie
edi move den via convoy
gas move mar
ion support nap move tys
lon move eng
lvn support ber move pru
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
pie support mar
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support den move kie
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move por
stp/sc support lvn
tri move ven
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven move tus
wes move gol
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army/dislodged pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
pru move war
tys move wes
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support kie move ber
boh support mun
bur move mar
den move kie
eng move bre
gas support bur move mar
ion support tys move tun
kie move ber
lvn support pru
gol support bur move mar
mid move naf
mar move bur
mun support sil move ber
nth move nrg
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru support kie move ber
rom move nap
ruh move mun
sil move ber
tus move rom
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven support tus move rom
war move pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
bal support pru
ber support pru
boh support mun
bre move mid
gas move bur
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvn support pru
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
naf support ion move tun
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh support gas move bur
spa/sc support bre move mid
stp/sc support lvn
tun hold
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
ven support pie
vie move gal
war support sil
wes support tun
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber move mun
boh support mun
bur support ber move mun
eng move mid
gal move war
ion support tun
kie support ber move mun
lvn move bot
gol support wes
mid move naf
mos support war move lvn
naf support tun
nrg move nth
pru move sil
ruh support ber move mun
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys support tun
ven support pie
war move lvn
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bot support stp/sc
bur support mun
edi move nwy via convoy
ion support tun
kie support pru move ber
lvn support war move pru
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil move ber
stp/sc support bal move lvn
tun hold
tys support tun
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army/dislodged lvn
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move war
tys move nap
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bur support mun
ion support tun
kie support ber
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support nwy move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support ber
naf support tys move tun
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
stp/sc move fin
tyr move mun
tys move tun
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
