PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
ion move tun
mid move por
mos move war
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pru move ber
ruh move hol
sev move bla
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nwy
bel support par move bur
ber hold
bla move con
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul move ser
den hold
gre support bul move ser
hol hold
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move ion
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel via convoy
par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
rum move bla
ser hold
sev hold
spa move mar
swe hold
tri hold
tun move tys
tyr move ven
ven move apu
vie support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
bar hold
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur support bel
con move aeg
eng move bre
gre support bul move ser
hol support nwy move bel
ion move aeg
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel via convoy
ruh move bur
ser hold
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
swe move bal
tri move adr
tys move ion
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bur move mar
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank support bla move con
bal convoy lvn move swe
bar hold
bel support bur move pic
bla move con
bud support tri move ser
bur move pic
con move aeg
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bre
gas move par
gre hold
hol hold
ion move aeg
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move swe via convoy
mid support pic move bre
mar support gas move bur
mun move bur
nth support bel
pic move bre
pie move ven
rom move apu
ser move rum
sev hold
smy support con move aeg
spa/sc support mar
stp hold
tri move ser
tys move ion
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank move con
apu hold
bal move den
bar hold
bel move nwy via convoy
ber move pru
bre support par
bud support ser
bur move par
con move bul/sc
eng convoy lon move bre
gre support rum move ser
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move den
lon move bre via convoy
mid move iri
mar move bur
nth convoy bel move nwy
par support mar move bur
pic support bur move par
pru move ber
rum move ser
ser hold
sev hold
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
swe move nwy
tys move ion
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army ank
remove bur
build Army mun
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu hold
bal move den
bar move nwy
bel move bur
ber hold
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
eng move bre
gas move mar
gre move ser
hol move ruh
ion move eas
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move wal
mid move iri
mun hold
nth move yor
par hold
pic support eng move bre
pru move ber
rum support gre move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
smy move eas
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move boh
tys move ion
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move gre
bal support pru move ber
bar move nwy
ber hold
boh move gal
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support gre move ser
bur support par move gas
con hold
gas support mar move bur
gre move ser
ion convoy apu move gre
iri move wal
kie move den
lvp support iri move wal
mar move bur
mun move sil
par move gas
pic move par
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum support gre move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
smy move eas
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tys hold
vie support bud
wal move yor
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
ser move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
remove pic
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move gre
bal support ber
bar move nrg
ber hold
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur support par move gas
con hold
den support kie
eas move ion
gal move war
gas support mar move bur
ion convoy apu move gre
kie hold
lon support yor
mar move bur
mun move tyr
par move gas
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
smy move aeg
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tys support ion
vie support bud
wal move eng
war hold
yor support lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move alb
bal move ber
ber move mun
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
eas move ion
eng move bel
gas move par
gre support eas move ion
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support ukr move war
nrg move cly
nwy hold
par move bur
rum hold
ser move alb
sil support kie move ber
stp move lvn
tyr move pie
tys support ion
ukr move war
war hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Italy: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move tun
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
apu move nap
bal support nwy move swe
ber support sil move mun
bul move ser
bur move mar
cly move nrg
eng move nth
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre support aeg move ion
ion move adr
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mar support gas move spa
mos support war
mun move ruh
nwy move swe
par move gas
pie support bur move mar
por move spa/nc
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil move mun
swe hold
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
war hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber hold
bot move bal
den move kie
eng move bre
gal move boh
gas move bre
lvp hold
mar support por move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move hol
nrg move edi
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support bal move ber
ruh move hol
swe hold
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet lon
remove nth
remove par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal support sil move ber
ber move kie
boh move tyr
edi move nrg
eng move bel
gre support aeg move ion
ion hold
kie hold
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mun support sil move ber
pie move tyr
pru support war move sil
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri move ven
tys support ion
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
bal move pru
bel support kie move hol
ber hold
boh move tyr
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
hol hold
ion hold
kie move hol
lvn move war
mar hold
mun support ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum hold
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tys support ion
ven move tri
wes move gol
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Russia: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
ion move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
bal support ber
bel hold
ber hold
bud move vie
con move bul
edi move nrg
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
ion move apu
kie move den
lon move nwy via convoy
lvp move iri
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pru support sil move ber
rom support tyr move ven
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move ber
swe hold
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tus hold
tyr move ven
tys move nap
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu move nap
bal support den move swe
bar convoy nwy move stp
bel move nth
ber hold
bud move tri
bul move rum
den move swe
gal move boh
ion support apu move nap
iri move mid
kie support ber
gol move tys
mun move sil
nap support tun move ion
nth move nwy
nrg convoy nwy move stp
nwy move stp via convoy
pie support ven
rom support ven
stp move fin
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus hold
ven support rom
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
remove sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar support fin move stp
ber hold
fin move stp
kie support mun
lon move eng
mid move wes
mos hold
mun hold
nap support tun move ion
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
nwy hold
pie support ven
pru move lvn
rom support nap
sil move war
stp move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tun move ion
tus support rom
tys support nap
ven support rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support apu
aeg support gre move ion
apu support gre move ion
bal support ber move pru
bar support stp
ber move pru
boh support vie move tyr
bud move vie
con hold
eng move bre
fin support stp
ion support nap move apu
kie move ber
mos move stp
mun hold
nat move mid
nap move apu
nrg move nat
nwy hold
pie support ven
pru move lvn
rom support ven
rum move gal
stp support fin
swe hold
tri move ven
tus support rom
tys support nap
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
aeg support gre move ion
apu support gre move ion
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar support stp
ber move sil
boh move sil
bre support nat move mid
con hold
fin support stp
gal hold
gre move ion
ion support nap move apu
kie support mun
gol support tys
mid move wes
mun hold
nat move mid
nap move apu
nwy hold
pie support ven
pru support swe move lvn
rom support ven
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ion
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move gre
alb move tri
apu move nap
bal move ber
bar support fin move stp
ber move sil
boh move sil
bre move mid
con move bul
fin move stp
gal support war
ion support apu move nap
kie support mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol move wes
mid move naf
nap move apu
nwy hold
pie support ven
pru move war
rom support ven
stp move mos
tri move ven
tus support rom
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
ven support alb move tri
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos disband
tri move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bul
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move ven
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bud move rum
gal move ukr
gre support ion
ion hold
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn move war
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun hold
naf support tun
nap support rom move apu
nwy hold
pie support ven
pru support lvn move war
rom move apu
stp move mos
tri move alb
tun support nap move ion
tus hold
tyr move vie
tys support rom
ven move tri
vie move bud
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb move adr
apu support tri move ven
ber move pru
bud move tri
eng convoy wal move bre
gre support ion
kie support mun
gol support pie
mos support sev
mun hold
naf support wes move tun
nap support apu
nwy hold
pie support apu move ven
pru move war
rum move ser
sev support mos
sil support war move gal
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus support apu move ven
tyr support ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support bud move tri
vie support bud move tri
wal move bre via convoy
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army edi
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
ank move arm
apu move ven
ber move sil
bre move gas
edi hold
eng move mid
gal support sil move boh
gre support ion
ion hold
kie move ber
gol support pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap move ion
nwy move nrg
pie support apu move ven
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil move boh
stp/nc move bar
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus support apu move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven move apu
vie support ser move bud
war support gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
ank move arm
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move pru
boh move vie
bud support ukr move rum
con move bul
edi move stp via convoy
gal support boh move vie
gas move mar
gre support ion
gol support pie
mid move naf
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap support tun move ion
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie support ven
pru move bal
sev support mos move ukr
sil support boh
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
war support gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
arm move sev
bar hold
bud move vie
bul move rum
gal support vie move bud
gre support ion
ion hold
gol support tys
mid move spa/sc
mar support pie
mun support pie move tyr
naf support tun
nap move apu
nrg hold
pie move tyr
rom move nap
rum move gal
sev support ukr
sil move boh
stp move mos
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr support bud move vie
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie move bud
war support gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu support nap move ion
arm move sev
bar hold
boh move vie
bul move rum
gal support boh move vie
gre support ion
ion hold
gol support tys
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move boh
naf support tun
nap move ion
nrg hold
pru move sil
rum move bud
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc support wes
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support rum move bud
wes support tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army con
build Army mun
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
ank move bla
apu move adr
arm move sev
bal move den
bar hold
boh support vie
bud support tri
bul move rum
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
gre support ion
gol support pie
mos support sev
naf support tun
nap support tys move ion
nrg hold
pie move tyr
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc support wes
tri support bud
tun support ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war support gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu support tys move ion
arm move sev
bar hold
bla support ser move rum
boh support gal
bud move gal
bul support ser move rum
con move bul
gal support rum
gre support ion
ion hold
gol support tys
mos support sev
naf support tun
nap support tys move ion
nrg hold
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
spa/sc support wes
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie support tri
war move ukr
wes support tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove con
build Army edi
build Army lvp
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
apu move ven
arm support rum move sev
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move sil
bla support rum move sev
boh move vie
bud support bul move ser
edi move stp via convoy
gal support vie move bud
gre support adr move ion
ion move eas
lvp move edi
gol move tys
mos support sev
naf support tun
nap move apu
nrg convoy edi move stp
rum move sev
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
England: army/dislodged sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
sev move ukr
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu move nap
arm support sev
bar convoy edi move stp
bla move rum
bud support tri move ser
bul support bla move rum
eas move syr
edi move stp via convoy
gal support rum
gre support ion
ion hold
mos move sev
naf support tun move wes
nrg convoy edi move stp
rom hold
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bla move rum
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move adr
vie support bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
England: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army kie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: army tri
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
alb move ser
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move pru
bud support rum
bul move rum
edi move stp via convoy
gal support rum
gre move ion
ion move aeg
kie move ruh
mos move sev
mun hold
naf support wes move tun
nap support tun move ion
nrg convoy edi move stp
rom move apu
rum support mos move sev
ser support tri move alb
sev support bul move rum
sil move boh
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
syr move smy
tri move alb
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr support mos move sev
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb
alb support ion move gre
apu move ven
bar hold
bud hold
gal hold
ion move gre
mos support sev
naf move tun
nap support tun move ion
nrg hold
rum move bul
ser support ion move gre
sev support rum
stp support mos
syr move smy
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr support rum
vie hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: army ser
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move gre
alb support ser
arm move sev
bar hold
bud support rum
bul support aeg move gre
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos support sev
nap hold
nrg hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move syr
stp support mos
syr support ion move eas
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr support rum
ven hold
wes support tun
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support smy
alb support gre
arm support smy
bar hold
bul support gre
con support smy
eas move smy
eng move iri
gre support bul
ion move aeg
iri move mid
mos support sev
nap support ven move rom
nrg hold
rum support bul
sev support rum
smy hold
stp support mos
syr support eas move smy
tun move ion
ukr support sev
ven move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: fleet syr
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm support smy
bar hold
bul move con
con support smy
eas support syr move smy
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
iri move mid
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos support sev
nap support rom
nrg hold
rom support nap
sev move arm
smy hold
stp support mos
syr move smy
tun support ion
tys support ion
ukr support sev
ven hold
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm move ank
bul move con
con move bul
eas support smy
gre support bul
ion support aeg
mos support sev
nap support rom
rom support nap
sev move arm
smy hold
ukr support sev
ven hold
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
England: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
England: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
