PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
par move bur
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
gal move boh
hol hold
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move gre
smy move con
spa move por
tri move adr
ukr move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move con
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move aeg
edi move nrg
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mar move gol
mun hold
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move ska
par move pic
por move spa
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser hold
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bel support hol
boh move tyr
con move bul
gal support vie move boh
gre hold
hol support bel
kie support mun
gol move tys
mun support kie
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support swe
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
ska support yor move den
smy move con
spa move mar
swe support nwy
vie move boh
wes move tun
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move tri
ank move con
bel support kie move ruh
ber move kie
boh move mun
con move bul
den move kie
gal move bud
gre hold
hol support bel
kie move ruh
mar support par move bur
mun support kie move ruh
nap move tys
nth move hel
nrg hold
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser hold
sev move rum
ska move den
smy support ank move con
stp/nc support nwy
swe support nwy
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys support tun move ion
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh move vie
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
den move kie
gal support ser move rum
gre move bul
hel support den move kie
hol support bel
ion move nap
kie support hol
mar move pie
mun support kie
nap support rom
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
pic move bel
rom support nap
ruh support den move kie
rum support bul move ser
ser move rum
sev support rum
ska move den
smy move con
stp/nc support nwy
swe support nwy
tyr move tri
tys support ion move nap
ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
bel support kie move ruh
ber move kie
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move kie
gre move ion
hel support nth move hol
hol support bel
ion move nap
kie move ruh
mun support kie move ruh
nap move tys
nth move hol
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
pie move tus
rom move ven
ruh support pic move bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
ska hold
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tyr move vie
tys support pie move tus
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bud support tyr move vie
bur move ruh
den support hel move kie
eas move aeg
gre move alb
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move tys
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nrg move nat
nwy support swe
ruh support ber move kie
ser support bud
ska move nth
swe support nwy
tri support ven
tun support tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr move vie
tys move rom
ven support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel support par move bur
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support alb move tri
den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move nat
mar move gol
mun support ber move kie
nat support nwy move nrg
nth move den
nwy move nrg
par move bur
rom move tys
ruh support den move kie
rum move sev
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tun support rom move tys
tus move rom
tys support ion move tun
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move bur
bud support tri
bur move mun
den move swe
hol support lon move nth
ion support tys move tun
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move nat
gol move tys
mid move wes
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
rom support gol move tys
ruh support bur move mun
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
sil move ber
swe move bal
tri hold
tun support gol move tys
tys move tun
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber move kie
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move swe
edi support hol move nth
gre move ion
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvp move nat
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nat move mid
nth move ska
nrg move cly
nwy support bal move swe
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bla
sev move rum
sil move pru
smy move eas
tun support ion move tys
tus move rom
tys support rom move nap
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla move ank
cly move edi
den support ska move swe
edi hold
gre move alb
ion support nap
kie move ber
mid move bre
mun support kie move ber
nat move lvp
nap move rom
nth move nwy
nwy move nth
pru support sil move ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh move bur
rum move bul
sil move ber
ska move swe
swe move den
tun support wes move tys
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
swe move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bal move bot
ber move kie
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move pic
cly support nwy move nrg
den move kie
eas move aeg
edi support lvp move cly
ion move gre
kie move bal
lon move eng
lvp move cly
mar move spa/sc
mun support ven move tyr
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nwy move nrg
par support bur move pic
pru move sil
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
sil move boh
swe support kie move bal
tri move bud
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet/dislodged cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move adr
bal support den move kie
ber move kie
bla support ank move con
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
cly hold
den move kie
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal move rum
ion move alb
mid move spa/sc
mun move boh
nap move ion
nrg move nat
nwy move stp/nc
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tun support nap move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move gre
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
boh support gal move vie
bot move stp/sc
bre move gas
bud support gal move vie
cly move lvp
con support bla move bul
edi move nrg
gal move vie
ion support alb move gre
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nat move iri
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move bar
par move bur
por move spa/sc
sil move gal
spa/sc move mid
swe move bot
tri support tyr move vie
tun support ion
tyr move vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
bal convoy den move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber support tyr move mun
boh support vie
bot support bar move stp
bud support gal move rum
bur move pic
con support bul/ec
den move lvn via convoy
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
iri move eng
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mun move sil
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie move tyr
pru move war
spa/sc move por
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr move mun
vie support bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg disband
stp/sc move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move eas
alb move ion
bal move kie
ber hold
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
bud support gal move rum
bul/ec support gal move rum
con move smy
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre support aeg
ion move eas
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move boh
nat move mid
nth support lon move eng
pic move bre
por support gas move spa
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sil support mun move boh
stp/nc move nwy
tyr support tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
Turkey: fleet/dislodged eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
eas disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud support rum move ser
bul/ec support gal move rum
eas move smy
edi move den via convoy
eng support lvp move iri
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion move tun
iri move mid
lvp move iri
nat hold
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move ska
pie hold
por move mid
rum move ser
ser move alb
sil move mun
smy hold
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
vie support bud
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet/dislodged iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
Russia: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
iri move wal
smy move con
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ukr
remove wal
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ber move sil
bot move bal
bre support por move mid
bud support gal move vie
bul/ec support con
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
lvp move yor
mar move gol
mun support tyr move boh
nth move hol
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tus
por move mid
rum support bul/ec
ser move tri
ska move nth
smy move con
spa move mar
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr move boh
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move ank
vie move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank move con
bal convoy den move lvn
bel hold
boh move vie
bre support mid
bud support vie
bul/ec support ank move con
bur support bel
con move ank
den move lvn via convoy
eng support iri
gre move bul/sc
ion move nap
iri support eng
gol move tys
mid support bre
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
nat support iri
nth convoy yor move den
rum support bul/ec
ser move tri
sil move gal
tri move bud
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys move tun
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move arm
bal convoy den move lvn
bel hold
boh move vie
bre support mid
bud move gal
bul/ec move bla
bur support bel
con support gre move bul
den move lvn via convoy
gal support lvn move war
gre move bul/sc
iri support eng
lvn move war
mid support bre
nat support iri
nap move ion
pie move ven
rom move apu
rum move ukr
ser move alb
sev move rum
tri support vie move bud
tun move wes
tyr support tri
tys support nap move ion
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb hold
apu hold
arm hold
bal move bot
bel move hol
bla hold
bre move eng
bul/sc hold
bur support bel
con support bul/sc
eng support iri
gal support war
ion support tys move tun
iri support eng
kie move bal
lon move den via convoy
lvn move mos
mid move spa/nc
mos move stp
nat support iri
nth convoy lon move den
tri support bud
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ukr hold
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war support lvn move mos
wes hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
England: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
