PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move gre
bla hold
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
edi move den
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
sev support gal move rum
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
bla support bul move rum
boh support kie move mun
bul move rum
bur move pic
con move bul/sc
den move swe
edi move nth
gre move ser
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move mun
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support mar move bur
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
par support bur move pic
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
smy move arm
spa move gas
stp move fin
swe move nwy
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
boh support mun
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
den move swe
fin move nwy
gal support rum move bud
gas move bur
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move bre
mar support gas move bur
mun hold
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
par move pic
pic move bel
rum move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
sil move war
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev
bel hold
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul/sc move aeg
bur move bel
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
gal move ukr
gre hold
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move bur
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par support mar move bur
pic support bur move bel
rum support sev move ukr
ser move bud
sev move ukr
stp move mos
swe support kie move den
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
swe move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
apu move adr
bar move stp/nc
bel support nth move hol
bla move con
boh support mun move tyr
bud move vie
bul support ser
bur move mun
den move kie
eng move mid
gal move war
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
ion support apu move adr
kie support hol
mos support gal move war
mun move tyr
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pic support par move bur
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support ukr move mos
ska move nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tri move bud
tyr support bur move mun
ukr move mos
vie support tri move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
tyr move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
remove ska
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
bel support bur move ruh
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move kie
eas move ion
edi hold
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move hol
mid move iri
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev move ukr
mun support bur move ruh
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move nrg
pic move bur
rum support bud
ser support bul move gre
sev move ukr
smy support con move aeg
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tri move ser
tyr move pie
ven move alb
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bal move den
bel move hol
ber move pru
bud move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur move bel
den move yor
eas move ion
edi move lvp
eng move nth
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move aeg
iri move nat
lon hold
mos move war
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth convoy den move yor
nrg move nat
pie move ven
ruh support bel move hol
rum move ser
ser support gre move bul
smy move eas
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move nwy
ukr move gal
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove kie
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ion move gre
bel move hol
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move bel
gal move ukr
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move gre
iri support bre move eng
lon hold
lvp support yor move wal
mar move gol
nap move ion
nth move hol
nrg move cly
nwy move nrg
par move pic
pru move lvn
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bul move ser
ser move rum
smy move eas
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support ukr move gal
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
rum move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support bud move ser
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud move ser
cly support nrg move nat
con move bul
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move bel
gal move bud
gre support rum move bul
ion move aeg
iri support bre move eng
kie support bel move hol
lon support wal
lvn move stp
lvp support wal
gol move tys
nap move rom
nth move bel
nrg move nat
pic support eng move bel
ruh support bel move hol
rum move bul
ser support gal move bud
sev move rum
smy move eas
ven move rom
vie move tri
wal support lon
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove lvp
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move gre
bel move nth
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
cly move lvp
den move kie
eas support ion
eng support bel move nth
gal move bud
gre move apu
ion convoy gre move apu
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move nwy
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nat support cly move lvp
nap support gre move apu
nth convoy lon move nwy
pic move bur
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser hold
smy move arm
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tys support tun move ion
ven move pie
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den move nth
edi support den move nth
eng support nth
gre support bul move ser
hol move den
ion move tys
iri support mid
kie support hol move den
lon support wal
lvp support nat move iri
mid support iri
mun move tyr
nat move iri
nap move tys
nth convoy hol move den
nwy move swe
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum move gal
ser hold
tri support apu move ven
tun move wes
tys move wes
ukr move war
wal support lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
ser move rum
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
remove nat
remove pie
build Fleet rom
remove wal
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move bel
den move lon
edi move nth
eng support den move lon
gal move vie
gre move apu
hel move kie
ion convoy gre move apu
iri support mid move nat
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move iri
mid move nat
mar move gol
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth convoy den move lon
rom support nap move tys
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev move ukr
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys hold
ven support tri move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon disband
tys move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bel move hol
bud move vie
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move sil
hel support mun move kie
ion support tys move tun
iri move lvp
lon hold
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mun move kie
nat support iri move lvp
nth move nwy
rom move tys
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move rum
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven move tus
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move wal
tun move wes
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army rom
remove wal
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
con move bul
den move swe
gal move sil
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move den
lon move yor
lvp move iri
gol move pie
mid move eng
mar move gol
mun support sil move ber
nat move nrg
nap hold
nth move edi
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
pru support sil move ber
rom hold
rum move gal
sil move ber
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp move fin
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol move pie
tys move wes
ven support gol move pie
vie move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army/dislodged pie
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
pie move mar
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support mun
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den support kie
edi hold
eng support iri move mid
gal move war
iri move mid
kie support bur move ruh
gol support mar move pie
mid move por
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nap hold
nrg support yor move edi
nwy move stp/nc
pie move gol
pru move lvn
rom support nap
spa/sc support gol
tun support wes move naf
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys support pie move gol
ven move tri
wes move naf
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove cly
build Army con
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber support sil
boh support mun
con move bul
den support kie
eas move ion
edi move lvp
eng move iri
ion move tys
kie hold
lvn support stp
gol support pie
mid support spa/sc move wes
mun hold
naf support tun
nap hold
nrg move nwy
nwy move bar
par move bur
pie hold
por move spa/sc
rom support nap
ruh support par move bur
rum move gal
sil support ber
spa/sc move wes
swe move fin
tri move bud
tun support tys move wes
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven support tus
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bar support fin move nwy
boh support mun
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
den support kie
eas move ion
fin move nwy
gal move war
ion move tys
iri convoy lvp move gas
lvn support stp
lvp move gas
gol move wes
mid convoy lvp move gas
mos support stp
mun support ber
naf support tun
nap hold
nwy move swe
pie hold
por hold
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
sil support ber
spa/sc support gol move wes
tun support tys move wes
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven support tus
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
den support kie
eas move ion
gas hold
ion move tys
iri support mid
kie support bur move mun
lvn support stp
gol move wes
mid support gol move wes
mos support stp
naf support tun
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
por support spa/sc
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
sil support ber
spa/sc support gol move wes
swe move bal
tun support tys move wes
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven support tus
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
