PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
mun hold
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre move pic
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
con support bul
den move ska
edi move nth
gal move war
gre move aeg
ion move eas
kie move den via convoy
mar support par move bur
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move hel
nrg move bar
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rum support sev move bla
ser move gre
sev move bla
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri move ser
ukr support rum
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
arm move smy
bar move stp/nc
bel support hel move hol
bla support bul
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur move mun
con support arm move smy
den hold
eas convoy tun move syr
gas move bur
gre support ser move bul
hel move hol
ion convoy tun move syr
kie move hol
mar move pie
mun hold
nth support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
pic support bel
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move arm
ska support swe move nwy
spa/sc move gol
swe move nwy
tun move syr via convoy
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove swe
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm support sev move bla
bel move ruh
bla support con move bul
bot support mos move stp
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul
den support ska move swe
eas support syr move smy
edi move nth
gas move mar
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie hold
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
mos move stp
mun hold
nth move hel
nwy move fin
pic move bel
rum hold
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
ska move swe
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
syr move smy
tri move bud
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla disband
con move ank
smy disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank hold
arm move ank
bel move ruh
bla support arm move ank
bot support stp move fin
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con move ank
den support swe
eas move ion
fin move nwy
gal move war
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie support mun
lon move den via convoy
gol move wes
mar move pie
mun support kie
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move ska
pie move ven
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
smy support con move ank
stp move fin
swe support den
tus support mar move pie
tys move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
mun move boh
rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove boh
remove bot
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank hold
ber hold
bla convoy sev move ank
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con support smy move ank
den move nwy
hel support lon move den
ion move tun
kie move ber
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support ska move swe
pie support mun move tyr
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev move ank via convoy
ska move swe
smy move ank
swe support den move nwy
tri support ven
tus move ven
ven support rom move tus
vie move boh
war support rum move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
swe move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move smy
arm move ank
ber move kie
bla support sev
boh support bud move vie
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur move mun
con move smy
den support ber move kie
edi move yor
hel support lon move den
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
gol support pie move tus
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
pie move tus
rum support ukr move sev
sev hold
swe hold
tri support ven
tus move pie
tyr support mun move boh
tys support ion move tun
ukr move sev
ven support tus move pie
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
remove ber
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
gal support bud move vie
hel move nth
kie move ber
gol move tus
mar support pie
mos support rum move ukr
mun support tyr
nth move nrg
nwy move stp
pie support gol move tus
rom support ven
rum move ukr
sev move arm
swe move fin
tri support vie move tyr
tun move wes
tus support tys
tyr support boh move vie
tys support tun move wes
ukr move war
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move smy
boh move sil
bul move con
con move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move swe
gal support vie move boh
kie move ruh
lon move hol via convoy
mar move gol
mos support war move lvn
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie support mun move tyr
rom move tus
ser move rum
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp hold
tri support tyr
tus move tys
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven support rom move tus
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move mid
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
boh support gal move sil
bre move mid
bul move rum
gal move sil
hol move kie
ion move gre
lvn move war
lvp move iri
gol support pie
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move hol
nrg move nat
nwy support stp
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support mun move boh
spa/sc move por
stp hold
swe move bot
tri support tyr
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp
bre hold
bur move par
gal support war move sil
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri support nat move mid
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support sil move boh
nat move mid
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
sil move boh
tri move tyr
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tus move gol
ukr move war
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel move hol
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot move lvn
bre support por move mid
edi move yor
gal move sil
iri move eng
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mid support iri move eng
mar support wes move gol
mos support war move lvn
mun move kie
naf support tun move wes
par move gas
pie support gol move mar
por move mid
pru support sil move ber
sil move ber
stp hold
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr move war
war move lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mid move spa/nc
mar move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
boh support tyr
bot move swe
bre move eng
eng convoy lon move bre
fin support stp
gal move sil
gas support lon move bre
hol support ber move kie
iri move mid
kie move den
lon move bre via convoy
lvn support pru
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support wes move spa
mos support lvn
mun support sil move ber
naf move mid
pie support mar
pru support sil move ber
sil move ber
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven move tus
war support lvn
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove den
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre support lon move pic
bul/sc hold
eng convoy lon move pic
fin support stp
gas move spa
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie move mun
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar move spa/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru support war move lvn
sil support ber
stp hold
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bur support mun move ruh
eng move mid
iri move lvp
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar support bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nat move lvp
pic move bel
pie support mar
pru support war move lvn
sil support ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move gol
war move lvn
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur move pic
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy tus move spa
mar support tus move spa
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat move nrg
pie support mar
pru support ber
ruh support mun move kie
sil support ber
spa/sc move mid
stp move fin
tri hold
tus move spa via convoy
tyr move mun
ven hold
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move mun
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf support mid
nrg move edi
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh support kie move hol
sil move ber
spa move por
stp move nwy
ven move pie
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul/sc hold
edi move nth
hol move bel
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
naf support wes move mid
nwy move swe
pru move ber
ruh support hol move bel
stp move nwy
tri hold
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre support bur move par
bur move par
kie move den
mid move nat
mar move spa
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat move lvp
nth move lon
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom move tus
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
swe support kie move den
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
