PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move bla
apu move gre
bal convoy ber move swe
ber move swe
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
ion convoy apu move gre
mid move por
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pru move ber
ruh move hol
ser support bul move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
tri move ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move den
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bal convoy ber move swe
bel move ruh
ber move swe
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den support bot move swe
edi move nrg
gre move apu
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move apu
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move mid
pru move war
rom support gre move apu
ser support bul move rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move adr
ukr move rum
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
apu move ven
bal move swe
ber move kie
bla move sev
bul support rum
bur move mun
hel support nth move hol
ion move adr
kie move ruh
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
nth move hol
nrg move nth
pic move bel
rom support apu move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
ska support den
swe hold
tri support ven
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ber
build Fleet edi
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
ank move arm
apu support tus move ven
bal move ber
bel hold
bla move sev
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur move mun
den support hel move kie
edi move nth
gal move boh
gre move ion
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
kie move ruh
nth move hel
pie support tys move tus
rom move nap
ruh support bel
rum support bla move sev
sev hold
ska support den
swe move bot
tri support tus move ven
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ukr support sev
ven hold
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg move ion
apu support ven
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bot hold
bul support rum
bur move mun
den support ska move swe
gal support sev move rum
gre move alb
hel support kie
hol hold
kie hold
nap move apu
nth support hol
pie hold
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ukr
sev move rum
ska move swe
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move tys
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ber
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
remove nap
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
alb support ion
ank move arm
apu move nap
bel hold
bla move con
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move rum
den move kie
edi move nwy
gal move war
hel support hol
ion support apu move nap
kie move ber
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth support edi move nwy
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
ruh support bel
sev support bul move rum
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move pru
con move aeg
edi move nwy
fin move stp/sc
gal move war
hel support hol
ion move tys
kie move ber
mos support stp/sc
mun support ruh
nap support ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie support ven
rom hold
ruh support bel
rum move gal
sev move ukr
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus support tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
vie support alb move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
bel hold
ber move sil
bud move vie
eas move ion
edi move nrg
fin support nwy move stp
gal move boh
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move nap
lon move den
lvn support stp/sc
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support stp/sc
mun move tyr
nap support eas move ion
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
pie support ven
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ruh support bel
sev move ukr
stp/sc hold
tri support vie move tyr
tus move ven
tys support ion move nap
ukr move gal
ven support rom move tus
vie move tyr
war support lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
boh support tyr move mun
den move kie
fin move bot
gal move sil
gre move alb
hol support den move kie
ion support rom move nap
kie move bal
lvn support stp/sc
gol move wes
mos support stp/sc
mun support sil move boh
nap hold
nth support hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
pie support ven
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil move boh
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support nap
ukr move gal
ven support tus move rom
vie support tyr
war support gal move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army par
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move adr
bal support pru move lvn
bel support ruh
ber support mun
boh move sil
bot support nwy move stp/sc
bud move ser
fin move stp
gal move boh
hol support kie
ion support rom move nap
kie support ber
lvn move mos
mos move ukr
mun support ven move tyr
nap move rom
nth support hol
nwy support fin move stp
par move bur
pie support ven move tyr
pru move lvn
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil move pru
stp/sc move lvn
tri support tyr
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
tys support nap move rom
ven move tyr
vie support tyr
war support stp/sc move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: fleet/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg support ion
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel support ruh
ber support pru
boh support sil move mun
bot support kie move lvn
bur move mun
gal move sil
ion move nap
kie move lvn
mos support war
mun move tyr
nth support hol
nwy move stp/nc
pie support ven
pru support ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh support bur move mun
ser move alb
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr support war
ven support pie
vie move tyr
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg support ion
alb move apu
apu move nap
bal support pru
bel move bur
ber support pru
boh support sil move mun
bot support lvn
bur move mar
edi move den
gal move sil
lvn support stp move mos
mos support war
mun hold
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move ska
pie move tus
pru support ber
rom support pie move tus
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move gol
tys move gol
ukr support mos
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg support ion
alb move apu
apu move nap
bal move den
ber move pru
boh move mun
bot move swe
bur support mun
den move kie
gal move boh
hol support den move kie
ion support alb move apu
lvn support ber move pru
mar move pie
mos support war
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move hel
pru move bal
rom support tus
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
ska move nth
stp support lvn
tri support ven
tun support nap move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys support nap move ion
ukr support mos
ven support alb move apu
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
apu move nap
bal support pru
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
den move kie
eas support adr move ion
gal support war
ion move apu
kie move ber
lvn support pru
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap support ion move apu
nth support hol
pie support mun move tyr
pru support kie move ber
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
sil move ber
stp support lvn
swe move den
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys support rom
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support pie move ven
bal support pru
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
eas support ion
gal support war
gre support ion
hel support hol
hol support kie
ion move apu
kie support ber
lvn move war
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
nap support apu
pie move ven
pru support ber move sil
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun support tys move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr support mos
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu support pie move ven
bal move ber
bur move mun
con move aeg
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
hel support hol
ion move adr
kie support bal move ber
lvn support sil move war
mos support war
mun move tyr
nap support apu
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
ruh support bur move mun
sil move war
smy support con move aeg
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ven move pie
tys move rom
ukr support mos
ven move pie
vie support boh
war support mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support ion
apu support ven
ber support kie
boh move sil
bur support mun
den move ska
gal move war
gre support ion
ion support adr move apu
lvn move mos
mos move war
mun hold
nap support apu
pru move war
rom move tys
ruh support mun
smy move eas
stp support lvn move mos
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus support ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
ukr support mos move war
ven hold
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
England: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support ion
apu move ven
ber support pru
boh move mun
bur support mun
eas support ion
edi move kie
gal support war
gre support ion
hel convoy edi move kie
hol support edi move kie
kie move den
lvn support stp move mos
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support ven move tyr
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move kie
pru support ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil move pru
ska hold
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus support apu move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support rom move nap
ukr support war move mos
ven move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move ven
ber support pru
bur support mun
den move hel
eas support ion
gal support war
gre support ion
hel move hol
hol move bel
kie support ber
lvn support stp move mos
mun support ven move tyr
nap move rom
nth move eng
pie support ven move tyr
pru support lvn
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev support stp move mos
sil move pru
ska move nth
stp move mos
tun hold
tus support apu move ven
tys hold
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gre
build Army lon
remove rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
ber support pru
boh support sil
bur move par
eas move smy
edi move nwy
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support war
hel support kie
hol support bel
ion move aeg
kie support ber
lon move bre
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
pru support lvn move war
ruh move bur
sev move arm
sil move pru
tri support tyr move vie
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ukr support war move mos
ven hold
vie support tyr move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
ber support kie
boh support sil
bur move pic
con move ank
eng move iri
gal move rum
hel move nth
hol support bel
kie support ber
mar move gas
mos support ukr move war
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy move stp
par support bur move pic
pie move tyr
pru support war
rom move ven
ruh move bel
sev move mos
sil move pru
smy move con
tri move bud
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support gal
war support sev move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
build Army lon
remove ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel move nth
ber move kie
boh support vie move gal
bre move bel
bud support vie move gal
con move bla
eng convoy bre move bel
gas support pic move bre
hol support bre move bel
iri move mid
kie move den
mid support pic move bre
mos move sev
mun support sil move ber
nth move nrg
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp support sev move mos
tri move adr
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie move gal
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
mos move ukr
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
arm move sev
bal support pru move ber
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move kie
bla support rum move sev
boh move sil
bre support par move pic
bud move ser
con move bul/ec
den move kie
eng support iri move mid
gal support boh move sil
gas move bur
hol support den move kie
iri move mid
lon move den
mid support bre
mos support arm move sev
mun support ber
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move nat
par move pic
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum move sev
stp move lvn
tri move ser
ukr support rum move sev
vie hold
war move ukr
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bud
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support kie move ber
ber support mun move kie
bla convoy con move sev
bre support par move pic
bul/ec move con
bur support pic move bel
con move sev
den move kie
eng support nat move mid
gal support sil move war
hol support bel
ion hold
iri support nat move mid
kie move ber
lvn support war
mid hold
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nat move mid
nth support bel
par move pic
pic move bel
pru support kie move ber
ruh support pic move bel
rum support con move sev
sil move war
smy move aeg
tri move ser
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
wes support mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move den
ber support den move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre support par move gas
bud support ser
bur support pic move bel
con move bul/ec
den move kie
eng support mid
gal support sil move war
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri support mid
lvn move mos
mun move ber
nth support bel
par move gas
pic move bel
por move mid
pru support war
ruh support pic move bel
rum support arm move sev
ser support bud
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/sc support por move mid
ukr support lvn move mos
war support ukr
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove gal
build Army mar
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum
arm support sev
ber move mun
bla convoy ank move rum
bre hold
bud support rum move gal
bul/ec support ank move rum
bur support ruh
den support kie
eng support mid move bre
gas move mar
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie support ber move mun
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos support ukr
mun move sil
nth support bel
par support bre
pic move bel
por move mid
pru move sil
ruh support pic move bel
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev support ank move rum
spa/sc support por move mid
tys move ion
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
mun move boh
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum
arm support sev
bel support kie move ruh
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support ruh move mun
bre support pic
bud support rum move gal
bul/ec move con
bur support ruh move mun
den move hel
eng move mid
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri support eng move mid
kie move ruh
mid move eng
mar move pie
mos support ukr
mun support kie move ruh
nat support eng move mid
nth move eng
par support pic
pic support bur
pie move tyr
pru move sil
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
spa/sc move por
tri move vie
tys move nap
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
mid move spa/sc
mun move kie
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel support ruh
bla support rum
boh move mun
bre support pic
bud support vie move gal
bur support mun move ruh
con move bul/ec
eng support mid move bre
gal support sil
hel move nth
hol support bel
iri support nat move mid
kie move mun
mid move bre
mos support ukr
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nap move tys
par support bur
pic support bre
pie move ven
por move mid
ruh support kie move mun
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support kie move mun
spa/sc support por move mid
tun move ion
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ukr support gal
vie move gal
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
England: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
mun move ber
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev
arm support ank move sev
bel support eng move pic
ber support tyr move mun
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre support pic
bud move gal
bul/ec support rum
bur support tyr move mun
eng move pic
gal move sil
hol move hel
ion move adr
iri support mid
mos support ukr
mun move ber
nat support mid
nth support bel
par support bur
pic support bre
por support wes move mid
ruh move kie
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support war
ven move tyr
war support sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army mar
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move sev
arm support ank move sev
bel support ruh
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move sil
bre hold
bud support gal
bul/ec support rum
bur support pic move bel
eng support mid
gal support sev move ukr
iri support mid
kie support sil move ber
mid hold
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
nat support mid
nth move hel
par support bre
pic move bel
por support wes move mid
ruh support bel
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
tun move naf
tyr support mun
ukr support mos move sev
war support ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move bul
bel move bur
ber support hol move kie
bla convoy arm move bul
bre support pic
bud hold
bul/ec move con
bur move ruh
eng support mid
gal move war
hel move den
hol support hel move kie
iri support mid
kie move ber
mos support war
mun support kie move ber
naf support wes move mid
nat support mid
par move gas
pic support bre
pie move ven
por support wes move mid
ruh support hol move kie
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
spa/sc support wes move mid
tyr support mun
ukr support gal move war
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
England: army/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: army war
England: army/dislodged war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh
ber support mun move kie
bre support pic
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move kie
eng support mid
gas support bre
hol support bel
ion hold
iri support mid
lvn support mos
mos support lvn
mun move kie
naf support wes move mid
nat support mid
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
por support wes move mid
ruh support bel
rum move gal
sev support ukr move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc support wes move mid
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move tri
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bre support pic
bud move rum
bur move ruh
den support ruh move kie
eng support mid
gal support rum move ukr
gas support par move bur
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
iri support mid
kie support bur move ruh
lvn move mos
mun support kie
naf support wes move mid
nat support mid
par move bur
pic support bre
por support wes move mid
pru support war
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev support mos
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support lvn move mos
tri move ser
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
