PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie via convoy
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move hel
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move tys
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move pie
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
hel move nth
kie move hol
pie move ven via convoy
rum hold
ser move gre
tri hold
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
bud support ser
bul move gre
con move bul
gal move bud
hol move bel
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mun move bur
nth move lon
pie move ven via convoy
rum move bla
sev move rum
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel move pic
bla hold
bul support gre move ser
bur move par
gal support rum move bud
gre move ser
nth move edi
nwy hold
rum move bud
ukr move war
vie support gal
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla hold
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bla
den move kie
gal move bud
gre move alb
mos move war
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pic move par
pie move mar
ser support bul move rum
sil move boh
smy move con
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move bar
ven move tus
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
bar move nrg
bla move sev
boh move gal
bud move tri
bur support pic move par
con move bla
eng move lon
gal move rum
kie move hol
mun move tyr
nth support eng move lon
pic move par
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
sil move war
smy move ank
vie support bud move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bla move sev
bud move ser
bur move pic
con move bla
gal support ukr move rum
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move yor
mun move tyr
nap move tun via convoy
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
smy move aeg
tus move ven
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support bud move tri
ank hold
arm move sev
bel hold
bla move sev
bud move tri
con support aeg move bul
edi hold
gal support vie move bud
hol move ruh
mun move bur
nap move tun via convoy
nrg move nat
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie move ven
rum support vie move bud
ser support bud move tri
tri support vie move bud
tyr move ven
tys convoy nap move tun
ukr support rum
vie move bud
yor move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
ank move con
arm move sev
bel move lon
ber move sil
bla support sev move arm
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
edi move cly
gal move bud
mun move boh
nat move iri
nth move eng
pic move par
rom move apu
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
spa/sc move wes
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie support tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move ven
arm support sev move ank
bel move ruh
bla convoy sev move ank
bud move tri
bul/sc hold
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con support bul/sc move aeg
eng move mid
gal move bud
gas support bur move mar
iri support cly move lvp
gol convoy pie move spa
par hold
pie move spa via convoy
rum move bul
ser support bud move tri
sev move ank via convoy
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr support vie move tri
vie support bud move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move ven
arm move ank
bla support ank move con
bud move tri
con support smy move ank
gas support mar move spa
iri move mid
lvp move iri
gol convoy tus move mar
mid move spa/nc
mos move sev
naf move spa via convoy
par move bur
pie support tus move mar
rum move bul
ser support tri move alb
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/nc move bar
tri move alb
tus move mar via convoy
tyr move ven
war move gal
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move aeg
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm move ank
bar move nrg
bla support rum move bul
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
con support rum move bul
gal move bud
gas support bur move mar
iri move mid
kie move hel
lvp move iri
gol support mar
mid move por
mar hold
mos move sev
naf move spa
pie support gol move mar
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
smy support bul/sc move con
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove ion
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army stp
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
apu support pie move ven
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move con
bul support bla move con
bur support gas move mar
gas move mar
hel move nth
iri move mid
kie move hel
gol move spa/sc
mid move naf
mar support spa move gas
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nrg move nat
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rum hold
ser move alb
sev move arm
spa move gas
stp move mos
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con disband
mar move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven move rom
arm move smy
boh move mun
bur move mar
con support arm move smy
gas support pie move mar
hel move nth
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mos move war
naf move tun
nat move mid
nth move eng
pic move par
pie move mar
rum move bla
sev move rum
smy move con
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Germany: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move spa
rom move tus
smy disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
