PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move sev
mun move ber
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ven
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
gal support bul move rum
ion move tun
lvn move war
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
tyr move mun
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move mun
bla support ank move arm
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
gal move sil
gre hold
hol move bel
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nap support tun move ion
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move pic
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser hold
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bul support rum
bur move bel
gal move war
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie support mun
mid support bre move eng
mar move bur
nap move ion
pic support bur move bel
ruh support tyr move mun
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support ukr
sil support gal move war
stp move mos
swe hold
tyr move mun
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war support ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove ion
build Fleet smy
remove swe
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support bur
bla move con
bre support eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
eas support gre move aeg
eng convoy pic move wal
gre move ion
lon hold
mid move iri
mos support pru move war
nth move den
nwy move swe
pic move wal via convoy
pru move war
ruh support tyr move mun
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sev move mos
sil support war
tyr move mun
ukr support pru move war
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war support rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla support sev
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move lon
gal move bud
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
iri support wal move lvp
lon hold
mos support ukr move war
mun move kie
pru move ber
ruh support mun move kie
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support war
smy support con
tyr move mun
ukr move war
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war support rum move ukr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ukr move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move wal via convoy
ber move pru
bla support sev
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
bur move bel
eas move ion
edi support yor move lvp
eng convoy bel move wal
gal support mos move war
ion move aeg
iri support lvp
kie support ruh move mun
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap hold
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev support ukr move mos
sil move boh
smy support ion move aeg
swe move bal
tri move ven
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move kie
bla move con
bud move tri
den move kie
edi support yor move lvp
eng support wal move lon
gal move boh
ion move nap
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvp move yor
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap support ven move rom
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move ber
smy move eas
stp move nwy
tyr support rom move ven
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: army/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lon move nth
lvp move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Army bud
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel move bur
ber move mun
boh move mun
bud move ser
con move aeg
den move kie
eas move ion
edi support lvp
eng move nth
gal move boh
ion move nap
iri support wal move lvp
lvp hold
gol move tys
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nat support wal move lvp
nap move rom
nth move lon
nwy move fin
rom move tus
sil support boh move mun
smy support eas
stp move fin
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move pie
ven support nap move rom
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move yor
mun move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move mun
boh support mun
bur move bel
con move bul
edi support yor move lvp
eng move nth
gre move alb
ion move tun
iri support lvp
kie move hol
mos move stp
mun support boh
nat move nrg
nap support tys move rom
nth support kie move hol
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh support ber move mun
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
stp move fin
tri move ven
tus support tys move rom
tyr support ven move pie
tys move tun
ven move pie
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
pie disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
remove edi
build Army mar
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bel move bur
ber move kie
boh support mun
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move lon
fin support stp move nwy
ion move nap
iri move mid
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
nap support tus move rom
nth move nwy
nrg move nth
pie move mar
rom support ion move nap
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move ser
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ven support rom
vie move tyr
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
bel move bur
ber support kie
boh move mun
bul move rum
den hold
fin move swe
ion move nap
kie hold
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mid move wes
mun move ruh
nap support tus move rom
nrg support lvp move edi
pie move tus
rom support ion move nap
rum move gal
ser move bud
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ven support rom
vie move bud
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army con
build Army par
build Fleet tri
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu support ion move nap
ber move kie
bre move pic
bur move bel
con move bul
gal move sil
ion move nap
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move bur
pie move mar
rom support ion move nap
ruh support kie move hol
rum move sev
ser move gre
smy move eas
swe move den
tri move adr
tun support wes move tys
tyr move pie
vie move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move nap
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
eas support ion
gre move ser
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support swe move den
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth support bel
nrg move nat
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support hol
sev move mos
sil move mun
swe move den
tun move ion
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven support nap move rom
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu support nap
bel support bur
bud move ser
con move aeg
eas move ion
edi move yor
gre move ser
hol support ruh
ion move tys
kie support hol
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nat move mid
nap support ion move tys
nth move hol
pic support bel
pie move mar
rom support ion move tys
ruh support mun move bur
rum move gal
sil move mun
smy move eas
tri move ven
tyr hold
ven move pie
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
tys move wes
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bel support bur
eas move aeg
gal move boh
hol support ruh
ion move tys
kie support hol
mid move naf
mar support bur
mun support ruh
nap move rom
nth move eng
pic support bel
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support hol move bel
sil support mun
stp move fin
tri move ser
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ven move tri
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove bul
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel support bur
boh move mun
eng convoy lon move bre
fin move swe
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support ruh
lon move bre via convoy
gol support pie move mar
mar support bur
mun move bur
naf move wes
nap support tys
pic support bel
pie move mar
rom support nap
ruh support mun move bur
ser support gre
sil move war
tri move ven
tun move tys
tus support gol
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
mar move gas
tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move bur
bur move bel
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move sil
gas move mar
hol support bur move bel
kie support hol
lon move bel via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun move bur
naf move tun
par support bel move bur
pic support bel move bur
pie support mar
ruh support bur move bel
spa/sc support gas move mar
tun support tys move wes
tus move gol
tys move wes
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army con
remove lon
build Army smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
eng support bel
gas move mar
hol move bel
ion support tun
kie move hol
gol move spa/sc
mar support bur move gas
mun support bur
naf move tun
nap support rom
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie support mar
ruh support hol move bel
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move gol
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol
tys move wes
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move bre
gol move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support bur
bre move gas
con move bul
eng support bel
gas support mun move bur
hol move bel
ion move tun
gol move mar
mar support ruh move bur
mun support ruh move bur
naf move wes
par support bre move gas
pie support mar
rom move tus
ruh move bur
smy move con
spa/sc support naf move wes
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus move gol
tys support tus move gol
ven move rom
war move sil
wes support tus move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bur move pic
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move gas
eng move iri
gas move mar
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
gol support tys move wes
mid move nat
mar support bur move gas
naf move mid
nap move tys
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie support mar
spa/sc support wes move mid
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
bur move gas
con move bul
eng move nth
gas support mar move spa
hol support ruh move bel
iri support mid
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move bur
naf support wes move mid
nat move nrg
par support bur move gas
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move gal
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
tun support wes
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army/dislodged gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
gas move bre
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
remove pic
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
bre move par
gal move war
hol move bel
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move bur
naf support wes move mid
nth move edi
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pie move ven
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa move por
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move eng
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre support pic move par
bur support pic move par
cly move lvp
den hold
edi move nth
eng support por move mid
ion move tun
iri support por move mid
mid support spa move por
mar move gas
naf support wes move mid
nrg move edi
pic move par
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move nap
spa move por
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove eng
remove iri
remove mid
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh support tyr move mun
edi move yor
gas support par
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mar move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nth move yor
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
ser support gre
tri move adr
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh support mun
edi move yor
gas support par
kie move hol
mar support spa/sc
nth move lon
por support spa/sc
ser support gre
tyr support mun
wal move lon
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove con
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move hol
boh move mun
gas support par
kie move hol
mar support gas
mun move ber
nth move hol
por support spa/sc
ser support gre
spa/sc support mar
tri move adr
tyr move pie
tys support adr move ion
wal move lon
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
bel move hol
ber support mun
gas support par
gre support ser
ion support tys
kie move hol
lon support yor
mar support gas
mun hold
nth move nrg
par support gas
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
ser support gre
spa/sc support mar
tys support ion
yor support lon
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army con
remove nrg
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: army lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet yor
ORDERS
