PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre hold
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
eng convoy wal move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
nth move nwy
ruh move mun
ser support ukr move rum
sev move arm
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wal move bel via convoy
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support bla move arm
arm support sev move bla
bla move arm
bre hold
bul move gre
bur hold
con move smy
eng convoy wal move bel
kie support ruh move mun
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mun move boh
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
spa move por
stp/sc hold
swe hold
tri support vie
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ven move pie
vie support tri
wal move bel via convoy
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet/dislodged arm
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support arm move bla
arm move bla
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move mar
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
iri move mid
gol move spa/sc
mun support boh move tyr
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bla
smy move arm
stp/sc hold
swe hold
tys move gol
ukr support sev
ven hold
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move smy
bre support eng move mid
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mar
con support sev move bla
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move aeg
iri move mid
kie move hol
lon move pic via convoy
gol support pie move mar
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move tyr
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev move bla
spa/sc support mar move gol
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support rum move sev
ven hold
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support smy move con
bel move pic
bla move ank
bot support swe
bur move par
con support bla move ank
eng move bre
hol hold
gol support mar
mid support eng move bre
mar hold
pic move par
rom move ven
sev move arm
smy move con
stp hold
swe hold
tyr move ven
ukr hold
ven move apu
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
remove gas
build Army lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support smy move con
apu move ven
arm move ank
bel support mun move bur
bla support arm move ank
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con support arm move ank
hol move ruh
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa
mun move bur
pic move par
por support spa/sc
rom move apu
smy move con
spa/sc support por
stp hold
swe hold
tri support apu move ven
tyr support apu move ven
tys move nap
ukr hold
ven support rom move apu
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
spa/sc move wes
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
apu move ven
bur support gas move mar
con move smy
eng convoy lon move bre
gas move mar
hol move ruh
ion move tun
lon move bre via convoy
mid move por
mar hold
nap move tys
par hold
por support wes move spa
smy move arm
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri move alb
tus move pie
tyr support ven
ukr move war
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bla convoy ank move sev
bud move tri
bur move mar
eng convoy lon move pic
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move pru
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move stp
par support bre move gas
por support mar move spa
ruh move mun
ser move bul
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri move adr
tyr support ven
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
apu move ven
ber hold
bla move sev
bot move bal
bre move gas
eng move mid
mid move wes
mar hold
mun support ber
par support bre move gas
pic move bur
pie support apu move ven
por support spa
pru move ber
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
spa hold
stp hold
swe hold
tun hold
tyr support ven
tys move tun
ven hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
remove tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal support pru move ber
bel move ruh
ber hold
bur support mun
con hold
den support kie
gas move spa
kie support ber
mid support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
mun support ber
par move gas
pie support apu move ven
por support spa
pru move ber
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
spa hold
stp hold
swe move den
tyr support ven
ukr move war
ven hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support pie move ven
bal move den
ber support mun move sil
con hold
den move swe
kie move bal
mid move por
mar move pie
mun move sil
pie move ven
por move spa
pru support war move sil
sev hold
sil move boh
spa support mid move por
swe support bal move den
tun move ion
tyr support mar move pie
tys move nap
ven move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mos
remove pie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
bal move swe
ber support kie
boh support war move sil
bur support gas move mar
den hold
edi move nrg
gas move mar
ion convoy alb move apu
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move war
mun support tyr move boh
nap hold
nwy support bal move swe
por move mid
pru support war move sil
rom hold
stp move nwy
swe support den
tri move ven
tyr move boh
ven move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber support mun move sil
boh support mun move sil
bur move mun
den hold
gal move boh
kie support ber
mid move wes
mun move sil
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move bar
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support den
ven move rom
war support sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
remove rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu move rom
bar support nwy
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
con hold
den move kie
edi move nrg
gal move sil
gas move bur
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
kie move hel
lon move bel via convoy
mar move pie
mun support ruh
nap support wes move tys
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy hold
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
sev hold
sil move ber
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support ber move mun
ven move rom
war move lvn
wes move tys
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move rom
bar support nrg move nwy
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
con hold
hel move kie
hol support ruh
kie move den
lon hold
lvn support stp
mun support hel move kie
nap support tys move rom
nth support hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
swe move nwy
tyr support mun
tys move rom
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet edi
remove hel
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ion move nap
bar support nwy
ber move kie
bur move mun
con hold
den support ber move kie
edi move nrg
hol move kie
ion move nap
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move iri
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap support rom
nth support ska move den
nwy support nth
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support bur move mun
sev hold
sil move mun
ska move den
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move naf
tyr support mun
ven move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
England: fleet/dislodged nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
mun disband
nap move tys
tyr move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
bar support nrg move nwy
ber move kie
boh move vie
bul move gre
con move aeg
den support nwy move swe
fin support stp move nwy
hel move den
hol support ruh
iri move eng
lvn move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support apu move rom
nth support den
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie hold
pru hold
rom move tys
ruh support mun
rum move ser
sev move bla
sil support tyr move mun
stp move nwy
swe support hel move den
tri support ven
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven support apu move rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
England: fleet/dislodged rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
bar support nwy
bla move con
bud move vie
den support hol move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
fin move nwy
hel move den
kie support hel move den
lvn move pru
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
swe support fin move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tus move gol
tys move wes
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bal support ska move swe
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
con move aeg
den support swe
eng move nth
fin move nwy
gal move rum
hol move kie
kie support den
gol support wes
mun support hol move kie
nrg support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
pie move tyr
pru move war
ruh support hol move kie
ser move bud
sil move mun
ska move swe
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support ven move pie
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move bud
wes support gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move nap
bal support ska move swe
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
fin move nwy
gre move bul
hol support ruh
ion support tys
kie support den
gol support wes
mos move sev
mun support ruh
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support ska move swe
rom move tus
ruh support mun
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil move mun
ska move swe
stp support fin move nwy
swe support den
war move lvn
wes support gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal move den
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
bot support stp
bul move rum
den hold
fin support stp
hol move kie
ion support tys
kie support den
lvn support stp
gol support wes
mos move sev
mun support hol move kie
nap support tys
nth support bal move den
nwy support swe
pie support tus
ruh support mun
rum move bud
ser support bul move rum
sil move mun
stp hold
swe support bal move den
tri support tyr
tus support pie
tys support tun
vie move bud
wes support gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
rum disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove sev
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
bot support fin move swe
bud move vie
den support hol move kie
fin move swe
hol move kie
ion support tys
kie hold
lon move eng
lvn support stp
lvp move wal
gol support wes
mun hold
nap support tys
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
pie support tus
ruh support hol move kie
rum move gal
sil move mun
ska move den
stp move nwy
swe support ska move den
tri support tyr
tus support pie
vie move boh
wes support gol
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
